Project Manager - Connectivity Consult Energy USA - New York, NY $75,000 - $85,000 a year -Full-time, Contract Commercial IoT Project Manager | NEW YORK | 75-85K DOE Job Description In this role you will work closely with the Global Operations Director, responsible for assisting, and eventually leading, pilot installs, understanding data reads, full client management and the tracking of project installs end to end. It is key that you can see the big picture and anticipate issues so projects are to delivered to time, quality and client scope. Essential skills/ experience Project management experience (c.2-3 years+) IT (Software and hardware) implementation experience Strong understanding of the operations lifecycle and role that IT plays in data connection Experience interacting with multiple operations departments Brilliant troubleshooting skills Good communication skills presentable to clients Decent data analysis skills Great attitude, keen to learn Happy to travel to client sites to deliver pilots as and when required likelihood that some projects may require staying away Desirable skills/ experience: Experience at a start-up/ smaller company Smart/ IoT technology experience Telecoms, broadband or some other kind of connectivity industry background (mobile companies/ routing networks) Engineering understanding would be useful Perks Highly innovative technology in a growing industry Fast growing company opportunity to join at an early stage with great career growth potential Direct training from the Global Operations Director Great client exposure Salary: c. 75-85k DOE Location: Manhattan, New York Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: $75,000.00 to $85,000.00 /year Experience: project management : 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) License: Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred) - 1 day ago - 
Assistant Project Manager, Construction Project Eye Consultants Inc - New York, NY $45,000 - $60,000 a year PROJECT EYE CONSULTANTS INC. a General Construction Company in NYC is currently seeking an Assistant PM to work with Project Executive to maintain schedules, coordinate, plan and manage all field operations on projects. Assistant Project Manager is expected to provide construction management and general contracting services that meet the highest level of quality. Develop and Maintain on-site logistics plans and procedures for the field operations Interface with all on-site work teams to resolve problems, ensure quality, safety, scheduling and achieving schedules in support of overall project objectives. Maintain close coordination with engineering, estimating, and project management team to assure work complies with drawings, specifications, and schedule; communicate effectively with the project management team to assist in accurate contract items lists and shop drawing schedules; attend weekly project team meetings to ensure open communication and swift issue resolution Assist in the development of, Update and Maintain the Project Schedule as needed; including a, two week look ahead schedule and prepare daily construction reports Establish and maintain document controls to assure work is aligned with the latest design documentation and approved shop drawings Assist in the development and Maintain the Site Safety Plan; Assure continuous maintenance of the safety program and conduct weekly safety meetings, regular toolbox talks, and safety pre-task meetings as needed Conduct weekly foreman and superintendent meetings; assure minutes are prepared and distributed accurately and timely Assure required risk controls are properly established and maintained as per corporate operations policies and procedure manual Implement and enforce Project Eye Consultants Code of Ethics and engage in any business practice with 100 percent integrity. Minimum requirements Educational and experience requirements include College Degree in Construction management, architecture; engineering with at least 4 years experience/knowledge. Thorough understanding of industry practices, processes, standards, etc and their impact on project activities is vital. OSHA 30/40, ASHE applicants preferred. Must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Access to reliable transportation to and from project sites within NYC is preferred. Thorough knowledge of all aspects of construction including safety, mitigation & control methods, operational means & methods, and technology. Excellent communication, organizational, supervisory and planning skills required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $45,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off - 21 days ago - 
Lighting Project Manager En-Power Group - New York, NY Principal Responsibilities: Manage turnkey lighting projects for lighting upgrade projects. Manage client lighting needs and serve as their primary contact throughout the project and following completion Conduct site visits and provide lighting upgrade recommendations with the goal to improve light quality and reducing energy consumption and maintenance costs, to improve occupant comfort and ensure compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Perform feasibility, energy savings, and cost-benefit analyses of lighting upgrade opportunities Work closely with sales team and with clients to secure contracts Manage equipment selection, purchasing, and installation of lighting equipment Communicate and coordinate with property managers, building owners,building staff, engineers, subcontractors, manufacturers, and vendors Assist in purchasing, administrative tasks, and rebate facilitation across the companys lighting project portfolio Ensure that projects are completed within reasonable time frames, to high quality standards, in compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Job Requirements: Bachelors degree,preferably in engineering, science-related, or comparable field Previous 2+ yearsexperience with project management Knowledgeable about existing lighting technology, systems, and incentive programs preferred but not required Highly proficient in Microsoft Office, primarily Excel. Demonstrated ability to work with numbers, calculations, and data Some understanding of electrical systems related to lighting installations Certified as OSHA-10 prior to or within 6 months of employment Travel primarily within New York City and occasionally surrounding areas Required Personal Qualifications: Collaborative personality,strong team player Exceptional verbal and oral communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Self-motivated, strong attention to detail, and ability to multitask Demonstrated enthusiasm for learning Proven ability to work independently and within a team environment, and to proactively identify problems and solutions Benefits: Medical and Dental Insurance Paid Vacation and Flexible PTO 401(k) Retirement Plan Pre-tax Travel & Phone Stipend Annual Professional Development Allowance Employee Assistance Program Additional Benefits include: Company Activities, Lunch & Learns EN-POWER GROUP is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full-time Experience: management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: New York, NY (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Professional development assistance This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture - 4 days ago - 
Project Manager Seen by Indeed - New York, NY Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities Get matched with top tech companies on Seen! Seen by Indeed - 30+ days ago - 
Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc. - Brooklyn, NY 11215 $110,000 - $150,000 a year Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc., a full-service water conservation firm committed to preserving our environment. Ashokan is currently looking for a talented Plumbing Project Manager in our Brooklyn office. Here you will thrive as a respected member of the leadership team and well depend on your expertise in plumbing and conservation. The Plumbing Project Manager will lead all elements of the Plumbing Division by providing strategic direction to achieve targeted short-term and long-term business objectives while demonstrating a true commitment to customer-service. The Plumbing Project Manager possesses the ability to thrive in an environment that requires accountability, adaptability, and ingenuity. Step into Ashokan and start your life-changing journey today! Essential Job Functions: Manage plumbing installations and related projects from proposal stage to completion Oversee project permitting, purchasing, and billing Document control, which includes creating simple plumbing estimates and contracts Material takeoff for backflow preventers and meter installations Supervise and delegate duties to plumbing field staff and administrative personnel Communicate with foreman Develop and maintain subcontractor and vendor relationships Provide cost and risk assessment to sales staff and clients Support sales staff with technical analysis of proposed installations, engineering plans, and municipal violations Meet with clients to troubleshoot jobs Qualifications 5+ years of managerial experience 3+ years construction experience, preferably backflow preventer and water meter installation Understanding of contract/bid documents for execution Attention to detail and problem-solving skills Excellent communication, time management, organizational skills, and the ability to prioritize work Ability to operate independently with minimal direction Proficiency in MS Office Suite, QuickBooks a plus! College degree; BS in engineering a plus. For consideration, send your cover letter, salary requirements, and resume in the body of your email. Attachments will not be opened. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Experience: Plumbing: 3 years (Preferred) Managerial: 5 years (Preferred) project management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Brooklyn, NY (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits offered: Paid time off Flexible schedules - 12 days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager Design On - New York, NY 10017 $50,000 - $60,000 a year Design On, with offices in Russia and Turkey has formed a joint venture with Silver Slate Group, based in New York, and is looking to hire an assistant project manager to work in the New York office and interface with Turkey. Description as follows: - Assistant Project Manager to work on mainly millwork and furniture production and installation for commercial projects in New York and the tribe state area - Will be responsible for project management and overseeing production and installation - Will conduct construction administration activities including site visits, RFI responses, submittals and punch list reviews - Will oversee projects from start to finish to ensure high quality, innovative and functional design - Will attend client meetings and coordinate with sub contractors and vendors Requirements: - Ability to work with little supervision - Knowledge of Autocad - Strong work ethic, outgoing, energetic - Minimum 2 years experience in architecture, construction project management, interior design or civil engineering Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: One location - 24 days ago - 
Project Manager Blue Star Partners LLC - New York, NY $125 an hour -Contract Blue Star is gearing up for the year 2020! We are currently looking for Project Managers interested in contract and direct hire work. Our clients are located all over the world and allow consultants to work onsite and in some cases from home. We specialize in placing the right consultants with the right client. Whether youre looking to relocate, work from home, or searching for long or short-term job placement, we have the connections to get you there. Come join our team! Project Manager Duration: Year 2020 Rate: $125/hr -1099 Basis SUMMARY: The role of Project Manager is to plan, execute, evaluate and deliver multiple projects using client's project management methodology. The Project Manager works with IT, applications and/or Business teams to refine scope of projects and ensure that the appropriate resources are assigned to plan, assess, develop, manage and mitigate project risks. The Project Manager follows the established project management methodology for Governance and uses project management best practice to plan, execute and deliver projects. The Project Manager continually evaluates project progress and periodically reports project status to all the Stakeholders, Sponsors, Steering team, Project team and Leadership. RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for delivery of assigned project per approved schedule and budget. Facilitates requirement gathering and plans project life-cycle deployment. Builds and leads project team effectively. Plans resources, budget and schedules effectively, for each stage of the project. Creates strategies for risk mitigation and contingency planning. Identifies, documents and owns project issues ensuring they are appropriately resolved. Evaluates project progress continually, ensuring project is on track with schedule, budget and scope. Monitors time reporting by project team members on a timely basis Provides updates to Sponsors, Steering team, project teams and resource managers per project communication plan Communicates roles and responsibilities of the project team members effectively Collaborates with finance team for planning and tracking project capital and expense QUALIFICATIONS: Education/experience Requirements: BS/BA Computer Science or equivalent related field of study PMP Certification preferred 5-8 years of Global IT Project Management experience Specialized skills/technical knowledge: Solid experience using waterfall project management methodologies Experienced in managing multiple projects Strong organizational, presentation, and customer service skills Sound knowledge of facilitating business requirements in both application and infrastructure projects Strong experience with at least one Project planning tool Job Type: Contract Salary: $125.00 /hour Experience: Related: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: New York, NY (Required) License: Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred) Contract Length: Varies - 18 days ago - 
Shopify Project Manager Mobikasa - New York, NY Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Candidate should have 1+ years of experience managing Shopify projects. Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Scope and define projects, outlining the necessary deliverables, timing, and cost. Manage client expectations across all projects after the scope of work has been agreed to. Maintain proper lines of communication across the entire project team. Ensure that each project budget is planned, spent, and tracked appropriately and effectively. Work with Technical and QA resources to schedule project releases and ensure that projects are satisfactorily tested before deployment. Mentor the Design and Development team as needed. Knowledge for PHP Frameworks and open source platforms such as including (Magento, WordPress, or Drupal) would be preferable. Deep understanding of web UI/UX best practices and the ability to guide/direct clients on requirements-based approaches to effectively deliver their message and guide users through their website experience. Strong knowledge of project management methodologies, building and managing Sprint plans, the scope of work, assessing resources, budgeting, risk management, scheduling and estimating. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 2 days ago - 
Creative Project Manager Live Nation 813 reviews - New York, NY 10001 Live Nation 813 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Summary: Title: Creative Project Manager Location: New York, NY Who are we? Since its founding in 2008, Roc Nation has grown into the worlds preeminent entertainment company. We work in every aspect of modern entertainmentwith recording artists and producers, songwriters and athletes. Our client list includes some of the worlds most recognizable names: from Rihanna, Shakira, J. Cole, and Big Sean to Kyrie Irving, Todd Gurley, Leonard Fournette, and Robinson Cano. We are a full-service organization, supporting our diverse roster of talent via artist management, music publishing, touring, production, strategic brand development and beyond. Weve forged strong partnerships with the worlds leading experts in artist management, technology, fashion, and philanthropy, and are redefining the business of entertainment. Who are you? Motivated, driven, with an entrepreneurial spirit. Resourceful, innovative, forward thinking and committed. At Roc Nation, our people embrace these qualities, so if this sounds like you then please read on! The Role: Roc Nation , a Live Nation joint venture, is seeking a Creative Project Manager on the Creative Team to assist in visual execution of key company initiatives including social content, music releases, multi-dimensional marketing programs, content/editorial projects and experiential. Projects are multifaceted in nature and require cross-functional coordination and organization. You are a self-starter, an advocate of innovation, and motivated by learning and working quickly. You are a creative problem solver with strong communication skills and a passion to deliver strong visuals that are authentic to music culture. Organization is key for project success. Responsibilities: Work closely with project lead and creative lead to execute visuals for social campaigns, events, music projects, and internal creative needs from start to finish Create, communicate, and maintain timelines and scope throughout a projects life cycle Manage the workload and production timelines of 1-2 designers on the creative team Track work progress, troubleshooting any issues or risks escalating as necessary Maintain high quality standards and help to ensure quality control and compliance Deliverables meet expectations and are delivered in a timely manner Help ideate and strategize on multi-channel campaigns to exceed overall brand and project objectives Qualifications: A minimum of a Bachelors degree in design, marketing, communications, or related fields Minimum of 3 years of experience working in project management, design and/or marketing Interested in music, design and the creative process is a must Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to help teams in high-pressure situations Ability to manage multiple time-sensitive projects simultaneously Experienced with programs such as Google Drive Experience with other project management tools such as Trello are a plus If the above description sounds like you and fits your background, apply online at www.livenationentertainment.com/careers to join the Roc Nation and Live Nation Entertainment team today! Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Roc Nation and Live Nation Entertainment strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. HIRING PRACTICES The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Roc Nation and Live Nation Entertainment recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Roc Nation and Live Nation Entertainment may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, Internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms. Note Roc Nation benefits and policies differ from Live Nation. Live Nation - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager internship tictic Inc. - New York, NY 10011 Internship Responded to 51-74% of applications in the past 30 days, typically within 1 day. We have built a travel bucket list app called tictic. We've compiled thousands of items around the world, providing users a 3-button experience to create and edit their lists. Users are presented each item one at a time like a Tinder card. They can swipe or tap a button to mark each item as Tic, Target, or Pass to create a personalized bucket list. Android App - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=co.tictic.tictic iOS App - https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tictic-bucket-lists/id1437805697?ls=1&mt=8 We have a small team of 7 people, are looking for a detail-oriented person to manage all of our tasks in Trello. Primary duties would be to review tasks already assigned to our content and development interns, and follow up where necessary. Schedule is flexible and we will set up a mentorship with a senior project manager as well. Lunches are usually provided, work in our Greenwich Village office and sometimes in our co-working spaces in midtown. Job Type: Internship Salary: $0.00 /year Additional Compensation: Other forms Work Location: Fully Remote One location Benefits: Flexible schedule Professional development assistance Internship Compensation: College Credit This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture - 4 days ago - 
Learning Project Manager Noodle Partners - New York State $75,000 - $85,000 a year Remote, Full-time Employee Start: December 2019 About Noodle Partners Ten years ago, the Noodle Partners team helped invent online education. Ten years is an eternity in a tech-driven field, so now were re-reinventing how higher ed happens online. Measured against traditional Online Program Managers (OPMs), Noodle Partners brings programs online less expensively, with greater agility and in better alignment with universities goals. Online education is no longer a novel or niche idea. It is the fastest-growing segment in higher education, accounting for 20% of all enrollees and 30% of graduate-level certificates and degrees. Its also getting increasingly competitive, as more and better programs are launched every semester. Universities need to go online quickly, economically and elegantly, creating programs that students cant wait to tell their friends about and that their professors want to teach. Noodle Partners helps them reimagine what online learning can be. About this Position The Learning Project Manager supports Noodles vision for exceptional online learning by managing and leading the work of an instructional design provider, for each academic program in their portfolio, and providing quality oversight of an Instructional Design partner as they execute on the vision for a partner university. Responsibilities of this role include: Owning the relationship with the ID firm including developing the Statement of Work with the ID provider that details the scope, schedule, cost and quality metrics for the engagement. Ensuring that all the instructional design partners (for example, the instructional designer and the creative media team) and the university partner are aligned on the vision for the program and are working toward common goals Monitoring quality and timeliness of output to ensure that the vision for exceptional online graduate experiences is faithfully realized in the work created by the instructional design partner. Manage the schedule to ensure the courses are built on time. Manage the invoicing, billing and budget so that courses do not exceed the budgeted amount allocated for development. Provide weekly status reporting to all stakeholders on the progress of the course builds. Lead and manage the term preparation schedule of activities for each semester start among the university programs in your portfolio. Work collaboratively with the other members of the Student Affairs and Learning team and all of Noodle Partners to ensure partner satisfaction with services and products. The position can be located anywhere in the US, and travel is expected periodically to partner campuses and to the Noodle Partners office in New York. About You You bring: A shared vision for an exceptional online learning experience The tenacity and persuasiveness to drive a team towards our common vision of online excellence The ability to think creatively as we envision great courses for online programs -- this ability being informed by a background in or managing the instructional design, an understanding of the research about learning and neuroscience, combined with great multimedia, authentic assessment, and curriculum development; Experience developing or managing the creation of multimedia, authentic assessments and other curricular assets for online courses. Experience achieving high-quality outcomes through others, versus doing everything yourself. Solid project management skills, particularly in managing vendors; A can-do attitude ? this is a start-up, which means you must be able to embrace uncertainty with poise Familiarity with navigating scopes of work and other types of contracts. Experience in quality assurance. A team mentality ? as a key member of Noodle Partners leadership team, youve got to put the needs of the team first, at every turn. Noodle Partners - 1 day ago - 
Junior Influencer Project Manager MediaMonks - New York, NY To apply please email tere@imagency.com with your resume and cover letter. IMA is the first full-service, global influencer marketing agency. With headquarters in Amsterdam and New York City, we have over 25 nationalities in-house and a A-List international clients. Founded in 2010, we help brands deliver global and local impact through the power of influencers. IMA provides best in class, full service influencer marketing capabilities for clients. As a digitally-driven company, we understand the fast pace and flexibility needed to effectively make an impact in todays consumer landscape. This reflects in our company culture - young, dynamic, international. From strategy, influencer selection, right through to campaign monitoring and reporting, we always make it happen . So much so that it's our internal tagline. About the Influencer Project Management (IM) Team IMAs IM team is the influencer relations arm of our Client Management arm, responsible for leading influencer marketing projects from kickoff to completion with creativity and outstanding project management skills. We pride ourselves on providing our clients, and influencers, guidance through each step of a campaign with thoughtful solutions and exceptional communication. As a member of the IM team, you will independently manage and deepen relationships with top influencers. You will work closely with the CM and Brand Partnerships teams to retain our clients and maintain IMAs positioning as a market leading, data driven solution to influencer marketing. This role comes with a high level of autonomy while reporting to the Senior Vice President and the CM/IM team lead. Duties & Responsibilities Be responsible for the execution, management and quality control of multiple campaigns simultaneously; Support the Brand Partnerships team in brainstorms; Support the Influencer Development team with suggesting influencer partners; Create content and creative briefs for the influencers in your campaigns; Reach-out to influencers and negotiate with influencers; Monitor and steer campaign budgets and make sure set campaign KPIs are met; Develop influencer contracts (along with the Legal department.); Develop content schedules and review creative content (visuals and copy); Ensure exceptional communication throughout all stages of the campaign; Grow the influencer network; Manage relationships with influencers during the campaigns; Contribute to ongoing improvements of internal processes and efficiency; Keep abreast of industry and influencer trends, events and news. Requirements 1-2 years of relevant work experience in digital marketing, public relations or advertising; Preferably experience with influencers; A structured way of working; strong in planning and organization, excellent attention to detail; Strong understanding of Digital Marketing, blogging, vlogging and social networks; An eye for quality content and storytelling; A strong personality who is able to work autonomously and within a team; Fluent in English, other languages are a plus. This role has a competitive base salary. IMA offers standard health benefits, a 401k option and competitive vacation days. To apply please email tere@imagency.com with your resume and cover letter. MediaMonks - 3 days ago - 
Project Manager NYC Health + Hospitals 791 reviews - New York, NY NYC Health + Hospitals 791 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Marketing Statement MetroPlus Health Plan provides the highest quality healthcare services to residents of Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island through a comprehensive list of products, including, but not limited to, New York State Medicaid Managed Care, Medicare, Child Health Plus, Exchange, Partnership in Care, MetroPlus Gold, Essential Plan, etc. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of NYC Health + Hospitals, the largest public health system in the United States, MetroPlus network includes over 27,000 primary care providers, specialists and participating clinics. For more than 30 years, MetroPlus has been committed to building strong relationships with its members and providers to enable New Yorkers to live their healthiest life. Position Overview Under the guidance and supervision of the Director of Process Improvement and Project Management Operations Administration, the Project Manager I develop and oversees the operational aspects and scopes of a specific large-scale project, generally with system-wide implications. The Project Manager creates and executes project work plans, charters and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements. The Project Manager identifies resources and assigns individual responsibilities appropriately. The Project Manager effectively applies project methodology and enforces standards while ensuring quality assurance procedures. Job Description Plans, directs and coordinates activities of designated project(s) to ensure that goals or objectives of the project are accomplished within prescribed time frame and funding parameters. Alters plans and makes recommendations for future project phases or future projects, based on lessons learned from the project Communicates project initiatives and tasks to team members and committee members clearly and regularly. Confers with stakeholders, business owners and PMO to outline work plan and to assign duties, responsibilities, and scope of authority. Responds to feedback and status reports from the project team and applicable committees and Directors to revise the project tasks and/or timeline as necessary Works with project team subordinates to set meaningful performance objectives; sets specific performance goals and identifies measures for evaluating goal achievement Monitors progress toward project milestones to ensure metrics are met in a timely fashion and within prescribed budget including consultants and outside vendors. Prepares project reports for management, clients, or regulatory agencies / outside vendors as required Remains informed of changing applicable regulations which may affect project objectives, goals, progress and/or timelines. Alters project plan accordingly Facilitates coordination of all elements which support project work (meetings, agendas, deliverables, etc.). Maintains/updated schedules and calendars. Provides logistical support as needed. Establishes work plans and staffing for each phase of project, and arranges for recruitment or assignment of project personnel Ensures all staffing requirements and allotment of available resources to various phases of project are met. May contribute to the performance evaluation of the employees associated with the project and may evaluate vendors and consultants and their effectiveness and ability to deliver as promised Maintains effectiveness when experiencing major changes in work responsibilities or environment; adjusts effectively to work within new work structures, processes, requirements or cultures Initiates and maintains strategic relationships with stakeholders inside and outside the organization to advance organizational goals Translates strategic priorities into operational reality; aligning communication, accountabilities, resource capabilities, internal processes, and ongoing measurement systems to ensure that strategic priorities yield measurable and sustainable results Ensures that those responsible for implementing a strategic initiative have role clarity and accountability for required actions and outputs as well as the authority to act in a way consistent with organizational values Actively maintains a broad awareness of the internal and external environment by accurately perceiving organizational, political, and social dynamics; proactively navigating the stakeholder environment to avoid unwanted or unproductive reactions and consequences Constantly monitors the organization (inside an out) to stay abreast of political realities (hidden agendas, motives, informal power struggles, etc.) assesses the views and positions of stakeholders on key issues Minimum Qualifications Bachelors Degree in Healthcare Administration, Finance Accounting, Business, Science or related field. PMP Certification Preferred. 2+ of prior healthcare industry experience required, preferably in the areas of project management, change management, health care delivery redesign or integration Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, Vision, Excel, Project Strong work ethic, attention to detail, excellent writing skills, as well as the ability to communicate and collaborate effective across multiple business units Professional Competencies Integrity and Trust Customer Focus Functional/Technical Skills Written/Oral Communications Project management NYC Health + Hospitals - 2 days ago - 
Intern Project Manager 10X Ventures - New York, NY 10018 Internship You will be the primary owner of: Agile ceremonies (stand-ups, iteration planning meetings, retrospectives, etc.) The agile project tracking tool Improvements to the teams dev process Communication between the team and other teams/internal stakeholders Documentation (timelines, meetings, hours reports, etc.) (often using Confluence) The average day for someone in this role might involve: Leading the teams morning standup Reaching out to connect folks or find out information to resolve any blockers Preparing for, and then facilitating, a meeting to help the team make a decision Answering questions about priorities and processes Distributing notes from a meeting Following up with stakeholders on some open questions Organizing stories in Pivotal Tracker Producing a project timeline, level of effort estimate, risk assessment, schedule, and budget Required One or two (preferable) years of experience as a project manager, project coordinator, or business analyst at a software development company Passion and proficiency for spreadsheets, process, and documentation Interested in work that combines high level strategy with a strong focus on the details of day to day operations Comfortable working with a cross-disciplinary team of software developers, dev-ops engineers, product managers, QA engineers, and UI/UX designers Familiar with one or multiple agile frameworks and knows when to apply the right tool/process for the right job Can quickly prioritize across multiple streams of work in a fast paced environment Can both lead a team and act as an individual contributor by taking notes, running meetings, and creating scrum/agile artifacts Strong interest in communicating well and working to improve team happiness and health Able to motivate and hold different teams together, or help the team interface with a diverse group of colleagues and stakeholders Iterative and data-driven approach to process improvement Preferred Experience with agile methodologies One year of relevant experience Experience with PM tools (trello, asana, jira) Knowledge of contracts, budgets, statements of work, and RFPs Job Type: Internship Experience: relevant: 1 year (Required) Management: 1 year (Required) Education: Associate (Preferred) Location: New York, NY (Required) Additional Compensation: Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Flexible schedule Internship Compensation: College Credit - 2 days ago - 
Project Development Manager #1 Source for NYC Furnished Apartments APT212 13 reviews - New York, NY 10012 $36,000 - $50,000 a year APT212 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. APT212 is looking for a project development manager to join our team as we are developing the Uber for furnished rentals in New York City. WHO WE ARE APT212 is New York Citys leading marketplace for furnished apartments, sublets and short-term rentals. We offer a fresh, simple solution to finding the perfect temporary housing, from private rooms in shared apartments to furnished luxury, high-end rentals. Users can instantly access the finest selection of over 3000 exclusive furnished rentals in Manhattans most prestigious neighborhoods and book through our seamless and secure online platform. COMPANY CULTURE Our headquarters are located in the buzzing neighborhood of Soho at the corner of Spring and Lafayette St. Our mission is to work hard and have fun along the way. Our culture is one of friendliness and cooperation, which leads to a positive office environment. We are an international team of agents and admin working together every day towards a shared goal and you will be sure to enjoy your time here. LINKS / PRESS https://apt212.com/ https://apt212inv.com/ https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/apt212 https://venturebeat.com/2018/12/04/apt212s-online-booking-platform-makes-renting-legal-short-term-apartments-and-private-rooms-in-nyc-secure-and-hassle-free/ https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/apt212-s-multilingual-agents-and-user-friendly-online-booking-platform-enable-top-quality-short-term-renting-experience-1027661343 WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR We're looking for a project development manager to join our team: Multitask effectively and efficiently under pressure Tech-savvy Advanced Microsoft Office skills (especially Excel and Word) Well organized and detail-oriented Lead and Assist with expansion of the company Salary: 36k -50k based on experience and skill set Full time only H1B sponsorship available Job Type: Full-time Salary: $36,000.00 to $50,000.00 /year Work Location: One location Schedule:: Monday to Friday - 3 days ago - 
Project Manager CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. - New York, NY Project Manager Full-time position, NY Position Description We are looking for a leader, a skilled and experienced Project Manager looking to join our Project Management Team to run projects and lead CRS move teams. CRS offers a variety of services, and Project Managers need to adapt to different projects (i.e. move relocation, furniture delivery and installation, etc.). Project Managers need to be detail oriented and ready to adapt to a constantly changing scope of work. Role & Responsibilities You will report directly to the VP Operations and the CRS Sales Team. Your primary goal is to take control of each project the Sales Team passes off, follow as best you can the guidelines of the move plan and budget, prepare all paperwork and coordinate with the Operations Team to ensure you have the necessary work force and materials on site to complete the project. Following every project, you will need to generate a cost analysis and review all aspects of the project (and any changes, if applicable) with the Sales Team to prepare for the Finance Team. Qualifications 3+ years Project Management experience Moving or Furniture Industry experience not required but preferred Comfortable with taking charge and leading a team Detail oriented, being able to effectively take notes and follow a budget Ability to generate concise cost analysis reports Compensation & Benefits Competitive base salary, commission incentive program (for generating leads for the Sales Team while on site or interacting with clients), 10 days PTO/sick days, participation in company health insurance and 401K plan. Company CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. is a premier white-glove moving and storage company, specializing in commercial relocations. We are committed to making every project seamless from start through completion. CRS offers a variety of tailored solutions, including: moving, storage, disassembly of existing furniture systems and reconfigurations, new furniture delivery and installation, disposal, liquidation and e-waste. We work a diverse mix of clients across many industries, such as, Wells Fargo, HSBC, AMC Networks, Nobu, Zenith, Fuse TV, to name a few. We pride ourselves on completing relocation on schedule and within budget, and we have the equipment and workforce to handle any office move, regardless of size or location. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: Move: 2 years (Preferred) Estimating: 2 years (Preferred) Furniture: 2 years (Preferred) Project Management: 2 years (Required) Education: Associate (Preferred) License: Driver's License (Required) - 30+ days ago - 
IMPLEMENTATION PROJECT MANAGER Ultimate Software 243 reviews - New York, NY Ultimate Software 243 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Details Description The Implementation Project Manager is a part of the People Doc US Operations team based in NYC (Ultimate Software acquired PeopleDoc in July 2018 and will officially be under the same umbrella in January 2019). The Implementation Project Manager will oversee the implementation of our solutions, driving Customers. The ideal candidate will have 2 to 6 years experience in project management, ideally in the implementation of HR dedicated IT solutions. He or she will also have good technical skills to carry out projects with a pace of quick implementation (2-6 months on average). Experience using or implementing SaaS or in-house systems (such as ADP, Peoplesoft ) or document management systems is an advantage Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2019 and #8 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2019. Ultimate is also ranked #1 on Fortunes 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #5 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list. Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities: Manage the full project life-cycle implementation Lead workshops to collect client specifications and to provide industry standards Configure the application based off of client specifications Coordinate implementation solutions teams (configuration, IT, product ...) Lead steering committees and follow-up meetings Identify and analyze project risks & dependencies Control customer delivery and validate customer go-live Measure project success and identify improvements needed Stay abreast of new features and products released Act as a subject Matter Expert on identified topics/products Contribute to maintain and grow our internal team knowledge Required Qualifications: Strong oral and written communications Excellent client presentation skills Technical basis for understanding PeopleDoc solutions (solution architecture, database and security) and sFTP/SSO setup Flexibility, versatility and responsiveness Sense of organization, discipline (Experience, Education, Certification, License and Training) Bachelors Degree Travel Requirements: 15% each month This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change. Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Companys online employment application, please contact careers@ultimatesoftware.com. Ultimate Software - 30+ days ago - 
Project Manager - Building Mechanical Maintenance Action Facilities Management, Inc - Alexandria Bay, NY Project Manager - Building Mechanical Maintenance Salary: Competitive Salary based on Experience The Project Manager shall possess at a minimum at least 5 years of recent (within the past 7 years) experience in the management and supervision of building mechanical maintenance operations for large buildings. Must have Computerized Mechanical Maintenance System (CMMS) experience. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Building Maintenance: 5 years (Preferred) Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan - Today - 
IMPLEMENTATION PROJECT MANAGER Ultimate Software 243 reviews - New York, NY Ultimate Software 243 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Details Description The Implementation Project Manager is a part of the People Doc US Operations team based in NYC (Ultimate Software acquired PeopleDoc in July 2018 and will officially be under the same umbrella in January 2019). The Implementation Project Manager will oversee the implementation of our solutions, driving Customers. The ideal candidate will have 2 to 6 years experience in project management, ideally in the implementation of HR dedicated IT solutions. He or she will also have good technical skills to carry out projects with a pace of quick implementation (2-6 months on average). Experience using or implementing SaaS or in-house systems (such as ADP, Peoplesoft ) or document management systems is an advantage Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2019 and #8 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2019. Ultimate is also ranked #1 on Fortunes 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #5 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list. Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities: Manage the full project life-cycle implementation Lead workshops to collect client specifications and to provide industry standards Configure the application based off of client specifications Coordinate implementation solutions teams (configuration, IT, product ...) Lead steering committees and follow-up meetings Identify and analyze project risks & dependencies Control customer delivery and validate customer go-live Measure project success and identify improvements needed Stay abreast of new features and products released Act as a subject Matter Expert on identified topics/products Contribute to maintain and grow our internal team knowledge Required Qualifications: Strong oral and written communications Excellent client presentation skills Technical basis for understanding PeopleDoc solutions (solution architecture, database and security) and sFTP/SSO setup Flexibility, versatility and responsiveness Sense of organization, discipline (Experience, Education, Certification, License and Training) Bachelors Degree Travel Requirements: 15% each month This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change. Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Companys online employment application, please contact careers@ultimatesoftware.com. Ultimate Software - 30+ days ago - 
Lighting Project Manager En-Power Group - New York, NY Principal Responsibilities: Manage turnkey lighting projects for lighting upgrade projects. Manage client lighting needs and serve as their primary contact throughout the project and following completion Conduct site visits and provide lighting upgrade recommendations with the goal to improve light quality and reducing energy consumption and maintenance costs, to improve occupant comfort and ensure compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Perform feasibility, energy savings, and cost-benefit analyses of lighting upgrade opportunities Work closely with sales team and with clients to secure contracts Manage equipment selection, purchasing, and installation of lighting equipment Communicate and coordinate with property managers, building owners,building staff, engineers, subcontractors, manufacturers, and vendors Assist in purchasing, administrative tasks, and rebate facilitation across the companys lighting project portfolio Ensure that projects are completed within reasonable time frames, to high quality standards, in compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Job Requirements: Bachelors degree,preferably in engineering, science-related, or comparable field Previous 2+ yearsexperience with project management Knowledgeable about existing lighting technology, systems, and incentive programs preferred but not required Highly proficient in Microsoft Office, primarily Excel. Demonstrated ability to work with numbers, calculations, and data Some understanding of electrical systems related to lighting installations Certified as OSHA-10 prior to or within 6 months of employment Travel primarily within New York City and occasionally surrounding areas Required Personal Qualifications: Collaborative personality,strong team player Exceptional verbal and oral communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Self-motivated, strong attention to detail, and ability to multitask Demonstrated enthusiasm for learning Proven ability to work independently and within a team environment, and to proactively identify problems and solutions Benefits: Medical and Dental Insurance Paid Vacation and Flexible PTO 401(k) Retirement Plan Pre-tax Travel & Phone Stipend Annual Professional Development Allowance Employee Assistance Program Additional Benefits include: Company Activities, Lunch & Learns EN-POWER GROUP is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full-time Experience: management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: New York, NY (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Professional development assistance This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture - 4 days ago - 
Project Manager (New Development Sales & Marketing) Reuveni Real Estate - New York, NY Reuveni Real Estate is a privately owned and operated brokerage company, founded by industry expert Shlomi Reuveni. The firm focuses on the sales and marketing of conversion and ground-up new development projects. With more than 30 years of real estate experience and an impeccable reputation, Reuveni has successfully collaborated with the esteemed New York City real estate brokerage community, developer clients, and industry professionals. Reuveni is known industry-wide for his hands-on approach and has been the driving force behind the design, pre-development planning, marketing, and sales process of over $3billion of conversion and ground-up new development projects. Reuveni Real Estates passion-fueled and supremely professional real estate development services include Research and Analytics, Pre-Development Planning and Design, Marketing and Branding, Brokerage and Sales, and Consulting. Reuveni Real Estate is in need of a Project Manager. JOB DESCRIPTION: Provide leadership, oversight and identify all tasks in need of completion within a new residential condominium development marketing and sales campaign. Managed activities to include: marketing campaign planning and implementation, team sales recruiting and training, unit release strategies and pricing. Collaboratively work with all players of a project, including the developer client, marketing, sales, public relations, and operation teams to ensure the most effective approaches to marketing and sales for the property. Strategically delegate tasks to appropriate team members Meet with architects and designers, making recommendations on floorplans, features, and amenities. Manage marketing budgets and provide accurate sales projections; further, assist with daily reporting and facilitation of presentations Perform analyses of advertising and marketing programs, provide pricing recommendations and ensure appropriate product positioning within the market. Plan and coordinate frequent broker events Maintain a high level of communication with all parties involved in each project. Legal and project document review Attend all client meetings Provide construction management oversight during the construction process REQUIREMENTS: Strong ability to prioritize tasks and execute accordingly Must be able to make big and small decisions based on the interest of clients and company Proficiency in Word, PowerPoint, and Excel New York State Real Estate License preferred Minimum of 5-year experience required, up to 10 years preferred Real Estate experience required Bachelors Degree required Job Type: Full-time Experience: Management: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Paid time off This Company Describes Its Culture as: Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative - 30 days ago - 
Project Manager CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. - New York, NY $60,000 - $75,000 a year Project Manager Full-time position, NY Position Description We are looking for a leader, a skilled and experienced Project Manager looking to join our Project Management Team to run projects and lead CRS move teams. CRS offers a variety of services, and Project Managers need to adapt to different projects (i.e. move relocation, furniture delivery and installation, etc.). Project Managers need to be detail oriented and ready to adapt to a constantly changing scope of work. Role & Responsibilities You will report directly to the VP Operations and the CRS Sales Team. Your primary goal is to take control of each project the Sales Team passes off, follow as best you can the guidelines of the move plan and budget, prepare all paperwork and coordinate with the Operations Team to ensure you have the necessary work force and materials on site to complete the project. Following every project, you will need to generate a cost analysis and review all aspects of the project (and any changes, if applicable) with the Sales Team to prepare for the Finance Team. Qualifications 3+ years Project Management experience Moving or Furniture Industry experience not required but preferred Comfortable with taking charge and leading a team Detail oriented, being able to effectively take notes and follow a budget Ability to generate concise cost analysis reports Compensation & Benefits Competitive base salary, commission incentive program (for generating leads for the Sales Team while on site or interacting with clients), 10 days PTO/sick days, participation in company health insurance and 401K plan. Company CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. is a premier white-glove moving and storage company, specializing in commercial relocations. We are committed to making every project seamless from start through completion. CRS offers a variety of tailored solutions, including: moving, storage, disassembly of existing furniture systems and reconfigurations, new furniture delivery and installation, disposal, liquidation and e-waste. We work a diverse mix of clients across many industries, such as, Wells Fargo, HSBC, AMC Networks, Nobu, Zenith, Fuse TV, to name a few. We pride ourselves on completing relocation on schedule and within budget, and we have the equipment and workforce to handle any office move, regardless of size or location. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: Move: 2 years (Preferred) Estimating: 2 years (Preferred) Furniture: 2 years (Preferred) Project Management: 2 years (Required) Education: Associate (Preferred) License: Driver's License (Required) - 30+ days ago - 
Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc. - Brooklyn, NY 11215 $110,000 - $150,000 a year Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc., a full-service water conservation firm committed to preserving our environment. Ashokan is currently looking for a talented Plumbing Project Manager in our Brooklyn office. Here you will thrive as a respected member of the leadership team and well depend on your expertise in plumbing and conservation. The Plumbing Project Manager will lead all elements of the Plumbing Division by providing strategic direction to achieve targeted short-term and long-term business objectives while demonstrating a true commitment to customer-service. The Plumbing Project Manager possesses the ability to thrive in an environment that requires accountability, adaptability, and ingenuity. Step into Ashokan and start your life-changing journey today! Essential Job Functions: Manage plumbing installations and related projects from proposal stage to completion Oversee project permitting, purchasing, and billing Document control, which includes creating simple plumbing estimates and contracts Material takeoff for backflow preventers and meter installations Supervise and delegate duties to plumbing field staff and administrative personnel Communicate with foreman Develop and maintain subcontractor and vendor relationships Provide cost and risk assessment to sales staff and clients Support sales staff with technical analysis of proposed installations, engineering plans, and municipal violations Meet with clients to troubleshoot jobs Qualifications 5+ years of managerial experience 3+ years construction experience, preferably backflow preventer and water meter installation Understanding of contract/bid documents for execution Attention to detail and problem-solving skills Excellent communication, time management, organizational skills, and the ability to prioritize work Ability to operate independently with minimal direction Proficiency in MS Office Suite, QuickBooks a plus! College degree; BS in engineering a plus. For consideration, send your cover letter, salary requirements, and resume in the body of your email. Attachments will not be opened. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Experience: Plumbing: 3 years (Preferred) Managerial: 5 years (Preferred) project management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Brooklyn, NY (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits offered: Paid time off Flexible schedules - 12 days ago - 
Project Manager Seen by Indeed - New York, NY Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities Get matched with top tech companies on Seen! Seen by Indeed - 30+ days ago - 
Construction Project Manager Hao Cheng Developement - Queens, NY $60,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time, Contract We are seeking a Construction Project Manager to join our team! You will oversee project planning, scheduling, budgeting, and implementation. Responsibilities: Oversee all aspects of construction project from planning to implementation Allocate resources for assigned projects Supervise onsite personnel and subcontractors Interface with project inspectors, contractors, architects, engineers, city and county officials, and clients Negotiate with contractors to receive reasonable order costs Maintain high standards of workmanship that adhere to original plans and specifications Qualifications: Previous experience in construction management or other related fields Recommended 3+ Years Strong leadership qualities Strong negotiation skills Deadline and detail-oriented Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract Salary: $60,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Full Time Opportunity: Yes Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote One location This Company Describes Its Culture as: People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented - 3 days ago - 
eCommerce Technical Project Manager Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering eCommerce projects. Candidate should have a technical background and should have performed as a developer earlier in the career.Candidate should have technical knowledge about business flows, project architecture and should gel up well with the development team technically and able to communicate the same with clients.Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 2 days ago - 
Project Manager Revampologist - Manhattan, NY Contract Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 1 day. Role overview Revampologist LLC is looking for an experienced Technical Project Manager who is skilled in rapid delivery and eager to own a global website roll-out of one of our clients You will be working in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, working cross-functionality and globally to plan, communicate and scale this experience to 20+ countries. As a Project Manager in this role, your chief responsibility will be to work with each region to capture local requirements and coordinate with development and QA teams to ensure that each countrys experience is delivered accurately and on-time. This is a 6 month contracted position based in either London, England or New York, New York. Responsibilities: Work closely with your regional counterparts to gather legal, business, and user requirements to ensure that the product experience will meet all needs within that region. Manage regional expectations on what can be delivered and time to market. Gain a deep understanding of the product you are responsible for scaling, helping to manage and educate your regional counterparts on both technical feasibility and best practices. Ability to accurately assess and prioritize regional requirements so that you are able to scale as efficiently as possible. Ensure that each experience is developed with accuracy, making sure that it meets all requirements that have been agreed in each region before sharing with regional leads and prior to launch. Coordinate with your team of skilled engineers to create a shared understanding of all requirements and how they have been prioritized. Develop an understanding for your teams velocity so that you can accurately set timelines with your stakeholders and keep your team as effective as possible. Work with product and development teams on launch plans, coordinating with various teams to make sure that each release is a success. Qualifications: 4+ years of experience in project management, ideally in working with product management teams in bringing technology products to market in a fast-paced environment. Excellent interpersonal skills, including strong verbal and written communication, with experience in fostering relationships with global stakeholders. Experience in fintech, financial advisory, and/or brokerage services preferred. Experience with iterative software development practices (such as Agile), and product management methodology is preferred. Experience with workflow tools, such as Jira/Confluence, Trello, Realtime board is preferred. Open, collaborative and proven team player, with an ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance or support. Technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in software development and web technologies is preferred, but not required. Ability to learn quickly, with a strong intellectual curiosity. Job Type: Contract Experience: Project Management: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) License: Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred) Contract Length: 5 - 6 months Work Location: One location Schedule:: Monday to Friday - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager (IT) Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Mobikasa is a web and mobile application development team looking to hire an experienced project manager of the same domain. The ideal candidate should have experience delivering either web or mobile app projects. Strong command over English language is essential. In addition, we are looking for an individual who is positive, organized, and who possesses strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well within a team. Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering web / mobile application projects. Responsibilities and Duties Meet with potential clients and close leads. Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Qualifications and Skills Extensive understanding of project and program management principles, methods, and techniques. Strong SDLC and project management skills Ability to drive and deliver technical implementation projects to timelines. Strong communication skills ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Ability to drive consensus and persistence to achieve end results. Good understanding of agile methodologies and how it impacts the various support functions architecture release management 6 Ability to stage manage important meetings define agenda drive notes and next steps. DETAIL-ORIENTED and RESULTS-DRIVEN. Works with urgency and takes ownership of assigned duties to get done and done right. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office/Excel and Google Drive Spreadsheets. Understanding of technology stack (web & mobile), user centricity, and strong aesthetic sense would be considered essential for success Conceive, design, launch and continually upgrade the portfolio of products for the Mobile app and Website Working closely with the business team, marketing team and the associates in the market Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 4 days ago - 
HIV Prevention Project Manager Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews - Staten Island, NY 10301 Full-time, Part-time Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. HIV Prevention Project Manager Full Time Position Job Description HIV Prevention Project Manager: Oversee the implementation of all HIV prevention programming at the Pride Center of Staten Island. Supervise the Program Assistant and the implementation of the IDG Momentum. Supervise full-time and part time HIV Testers. Work individually with a caseload of young men who have sex with men and transgender individuals to provide HIV Navigation Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for program participants. The HIV Prevention Project Manager will facilitate a multi-session group for program clients to increase HIV/STI education and social support. Be an active manager on the Pride Center of Staten Island staff team. Duties: Conduct in-reach to existing young MSM programs and outreach in the Staten Island community to recruit those at high risk of transmitting or contracting HIV and other STDs in prevention programming. Screen young MSMs ages 16-29 at highest risk for acquiring or transmitting HIV to determine participation in the program. Enroll and navigate 75 clients annually through HNS Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for all participants who need assistance with referrals such as HIV CTR, STI CTR, PrEP/Pep, other health care services, etc. Facilitate a multi-session, prevention-based educational group for at least 10 young (17-29 years old) MSM clients per cycle (Three 6-week cycles per year). Supervise Program Assistant, Full-time, and Part-time testers. Maintain online testing portal and manage testing requests. Manage testing schedule for on-site and alternate venue site testing personnel. Strengthen and maintain relationships with partners to uphold or develop new inkage agreements and other community resources. Provide crisis intervention and mediation for youth and other Center participants as conflict arises. Assist with additional Pride Center programming as requested. Maintain complete and accurate records and files. Assist with monthly and annual reporting as required by funder and agency. Prepare and submit all paperwork on a weekly basis. Attend trainings and conduct online research to remain up-to-date on relevant issues. Participate in weekly supervision, program, management and agency-wide meetings, and quality assurance and continuous quality improvement activities. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in public health, social work, or related field with 2 years of relevant experience, or Associates degree with 4 years of relevant experience, or H.S Diploma with 6 years of relevant experience. Experience managing evidence-based interventions, contract deliverables, and staff required. Social work, case management, or related experience working with youth, MSM, transgender individuals, clients with a history of substance use and/or mental health issues, persons living with/ affected by HIV/AIDS and/or diverse groups of youth/young adults. Candidate must demonstrate ability to work effectively and positively with clients from diverse backgrounds; ethnic, cultural and sexual minorities with a sex positive and harm reduction approach. Attention to detail, self-motivation, and ability to work independently and as part of a team required. Applicants should be passionate, open-minded, patient, creative, and have a commitment to and enthusiasm for educating young people about sexual health and creating positive change. This is a full-time non-exempt position with benefits. Work place is the Pride Center of Staten Island, 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdfloor. The HIV Prevention Project Manager reports to the Programs Manager. Hours: 10 AM 6 PM on Tuesdays. 1PM - 9PM Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. 11 AM 7 PM on Saturdays. Please Note: Work schedule may change depending on the needs of the Center. EOE Employer: Pride Center of Staten Island believes in equal opportunity in employment. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, HIV serostatus, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability. Send Cover Letter and Resume to: lsloan@pridecentersi.org (please include job title in subject line) OR Dr. Lisa Sloan, Program Director Pride Center of Staten Island 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdFloor Staten Island, NY 10301 Community Health Action of Staten Island - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager TPN 23 reviews - New York, NY TPN 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Summary : The Project Manager ensures client satisfaction by ensuring creative is delivered on time at every key milestone from internal meetings to client meetings to final executions in the marketplace. The Project Manager seamlessly integrates and coordinates workflow between all departments Creative, Account Service, Internal Departments (Studio, Image Works, Print Production) and outside agencies. Understands and knows what every creative is working on, when he or she will be finished and their available capacity. The Project Manager has the ability to multitask and stays on top of all programs for Client. Communicates project status and deliverables between internal departments, clients, or outside agency partners to ensure overall coordination for project completion. The Project Manager revises work plans and staffing assignments, as appropriate, to meet changing deadlines and requirements. The Project Manager functions as an Art Buyer, works closely with Creative Director and Art Directors to find and purchase artwork for creative needs. Coordinates, plans, and negotiates costs and timing of photo shoots from pre-production through execution. Builds relationships with integrated agencies to source brand assets. Is the primary/sole point of contact for stock purchases. Core Accountabilities : Manages overall creative team capacity and available resources to better prioritize and distribute work to all team members Assesses scope of project with account and creative partnership and aligns the proper number of creative hours to deliver a quality product Builds relationships among all departments to ensure harmonious work environment and ultimately meeting all deadlines Builds internal creative timelines to ensure external deadlines are met Creates and maintains daily universal calendar of all program timelines Codes projects with visual cues e.g. icons and color Provides nightly status to creative leaders highlighting key deliverables and client meetings for the next day Assists Account Service in coordinating internal reviews, internal approvals, and client approvals Manages fixture testing for all programs with Operations team by preparing fixture testing elements list and providing direction for the printing and displaying of in-house fixture test prints Coordinates and reviews with Operations team timelines prior to share-out with client Manages freelance (art directors and writers) and their time Maintains contact list of outside talent Coordinates pre-production planning and purchasing of art work (photography and stock) Prepares triple bids, negotiates costs and timing for photo shoots for the best product within budget Works with clients team to adhere to production guidelines Manages Client Brand Assets Submits original icons for approval to Client brand library Manages clients brand assets Provides detailed specs to brand agencies by working with Production to identify technical needs Core Skills : Oral Communications Organizes ideas and communicates oral messages appropriately to others Participates in conversation, discussions and group presentations Selects an appropriate medium of conveying a message Uses verbal language and other cues such as body language, tone and level of complexity to the audience Speaks clearly and concisely Understands and responds to listener feedback and asks questions when needed Written Communications Communicates thoughts, ideas, information and messages in writing Records information completely and accurately Effectively composes and creates documents, letters, reports, proposals, graphs, etc Uses language, style, organization, and format appropriate to the subject matter, purpose and audience Includes supports documentation and attends to all levels of detail Checks, edits and revises for correct information, appropriate emphasis, form, grammar, spelling and punctuation Project Leadership Ability to motivate, influence, delegate, prioritize and communicate project status to all stakeholders Ability to organize, prioritize work and materials for appropriate action Manage Resources Ability to identify and align resources, utilize performance, monitor indicators and manage all resources against budgets Accuracy/Attention to Detail Applies appropriate attention to detail Work can be relied upon for thoroughness and accuracy Focus on Client Needs Anticipates and identifies internal and external client needs Develops effective working relationships with clients Continually searches efficiencies to increase client satisfaction Builds internal/external relationships Develops relationship with others as key priority Strives for win-win solutions Time Management Ability to manage own time effectively, setting priorities and meeting deadlines Sound business and professional ethics Requirements : Experience: 3+ years working in an agency environment Education: Four-Year Degree preferred *TPN is an equal opportunity employer. TPN - 1 day ago - 
Project Superintendent/Assistant Project Manager B&B Contracting Group, LLC - New York, NY 10011 $19.99 - $20.00 an hour -Contract Full time, temporary position. Looking for someone to start ASAP . Project to end by middle of January. If by the end of the project we have more work, there is a possibility of a longer term- but not guaranteed.- Daily Logs RFIs Organize Submittals Keep drawings up to date for super/subs Recording of safety Inspections General communication with subs as directed by super Job Type: Contract Salary: $19.99 to $20.00 /hour Experience: relevant: 1 year (Preferred) Superintendent: 1 year (Preferred) Contract Renewal: Not likely Work Location: One location - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager Thrive Operations - New York, NY The Project Manager position has primary responsibility for defining, planning, tracking and managing the projects they are assigned. He/she is responsible for identifying key resources and providing the direction required for meeting the project objectives. Qualifications and skills of the Project Manager include an ability to lead and motivate people and encourage teamwork, an ability to communicate effectively with senior management, and a clear vision of what determines a successful product for the customer and for the company. The Project Manager also must be able to manage project schedule and task details and utilize project management tools such as reports, tracking charts, checklists, and project scheduling software and to delegate appropriately. He/she must be able to manage change and take active leadership in timely decision making. Finally, a Project Manager must have the courage to face up to issues squarely and early, resolve conflicts, admit to having problems and seek coaching openly, escalate if necessary, and generally champion the people and the project up, down, and across the organization and with customers. Primary Responsibilities: Direct and manage project through Project Lifecycle. Plan, execute and finalize projects according to strict deadlines and within budget Demonstrate knowledge in IT Projects and planning on how to implement solutions Lead daily Traffic Light Meetings Manage incident reporting and internal escalations, provide guidance on external handling and communications Develop and complete portfolio, resource and financial reports for management Assigned mentor for PM Resources Process and Delivery Quality Control Qualifications: Technical background sufficient to understand the technologies and technical issues involved with the services, to be able to anticipate and identify critical delivery obstacles, and use sound judgment based on the teams input to make good business decisions Previous management and/or leadership roles Requirements: PMP (preferred but not required) ITIL (preferred but not required) Minimum of 4 years Project Management experience For more information on this job opening or to apply, please email careers@thrivenetworks.com. Thrive Operations - Today - 
Research Project Manager New York State Psychiatry Institute - New York, NY 10032 $93,343 a year We are currently seeking a candidate qualified to work on a full-time basis as a Research Project Manager for a multi-site national protocol being conducted as part of the NIDA Clinical Trials Network that is investigating different methods of detoxification from opiates and induction onto medication. Duties/Responsibilities: Under the guidance of study leadership, the Research Project Manager will be responsible for the following: Work collaboratively with the Lead Investigator and the Lead study team, including the NIDA contracted coordinating center, and study sites on the development, implementation and daily operations of research the study protocol. Act as point person for study sites regarding the daily operations of the study protocol. Utilize effective communication strategies to coordinate schedules, organize, and participate/lead project meetings and conference calls. Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation, plans, and reports, including weekly study updates and annual project reports. Assist with preparation of presentations for PI and project leadership for scientific conferences and meetings and manuscripts for publication. Demonstrating working effectively as part of a multidisciplinary team Demonstrating flexibility and persistence through excellent follow-up and follow-through skills Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor degree plus minimum 10 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Master's degree with at least 5 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Excellent communication skills, oral, and written Strong organizational skills, including effective time management and the ability to manage competing priorities Ability to work both independently and alongside study leadership with appropriate guidance and support Excellent computer skills in a Windows environment, including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and SPSS and Adobe Acrobat Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of and/or experience in research in substance use disorders populations, particularly treatment of opiate dependence. To apply: Submit an application with cover letter and resume by November 25th through our website https://nyspi.applicantpro.com/jobs/. Only applications submitted through the RFMH website will be accepted. The Research Foundation is a private not-for-profit corporation and is not an agency or instrumentality of the State of New York. Employees of the Research Foundation are not state employees, do not participate in any state retirement system, and do not receive state fringe benefits. Excellent Benefits Package. Employer/Minority/Women/Disabled/Veteran Employer. VEVRAA 41 CFR 60-300.5a compliant. New York State Psychiatry Institute - Today - 
Project Manager HCL- USA - New York, NY To design, develop and deliver complex new features, fixes and enhancements in the product as per product management requirements and guide the team effectively in completing their assigned tasks with high quality. (1.) To independently resolve Complex or escalated issues/tickets as per stated resolution goals (2.) To maintain issue logs and document the process and the method of resolving/ troubleshooting the specific ticket (3.) To undertake training programs for new joinees and perform knowledge transition during project enhancements (4.) Ensure continuous learning by improving wrt scope of work. (5.) Guiding the support engineer in creating product documentation for customer support and contributing towards technical support white papers HCL Technologies - 8 days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager, Construction Project Eye Consultants Inc - New York, NY $45,000 - $60,000 a year PROJECT EYE CONSULTANTS INC. a General Construction Company in NYC is currently seeking an Assistant PM to work with Project Executive to maintain schedules, coordinate, plan and manage all field operations on projects. Assistant Project Manager is expected to provide construction management and general contracting services that meet the highest level of quality. Develop and Maintain on-site logistics plans and procedures for the field operations Interface with all on-site work teams to resolve problems, ensure quality, safety, scheduling and achieving schedules in support of overall project objectives. Maintain close coordination with engineering, estimating, and project management team to assure work complies with drawings, specifications, and schedule; communicate effectively with the project management team to assist in accurate contract items lists and shop drawing schedules; attend weekly project team meetings to ensure open communication and swift issue resolution Assist in the development of, Update and Maintain the Project Schedule as needed; including a, two week look ahead schedule and prepare daily construction reports Establish and maintain document controls to assure work is aligned with the latest design documentation and approved shop drawings Assist in the development and Maintain the Site Safety Plan; Assure continuous maintenance of the safety program and conduct weekly safety meetings, regular toolbox talks, and safety pre-task meetings as needed Conduct weekly foreman and superintendent meetings; assure minutes are prepared and distributed accurately and timely Assure required risk controls are properly established and maintained as per corporate operations policies and procedure manual Implement and enforce Project Eye Consultants Code of Ethics and engage in any business practice with 100 percent integrity. Minimum requirements Educational and experience requirements include College Degree in Construction management, architecture; engineering with at least 4 years experience/knowledge. Thorough understanding of industry practices, processes, standards, etc and their impact on project activities is vital. OSHA 30/40, ASHE applicants preferred. Must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Access to reliable transportation to and from project sites within NYC is preferred. Thorough knowledge of all aspects of construction including safety, mitigation & control methods, operational means & methods, and technology. Excellent communication, organizational, supervisory and planning skills required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $45,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off - 21 days ago - 
Project Manager - Connectivity Consult Energy USA - New York, NY $75,000 - $85,000 a year -Full-time, Contract Commercial IoT Project Manager | NEW YORK | 75-85K DOE Job Description In this role you will work closely with the Global Operations Director, responsible for assisting, and eventually leading, pilot installs, understanding data reads, full client management and the tracking of project installs end to end. It is key that you can see the big picture and anticipate issues so projects are to delivered to time, quality and client scope. Essential skills/ experience Project management experience (c.2-3 years+) IT (Software and hardware) implementation experience Strong understanding of the operations lifecycle and role that IT plays in data connection Experience interacting with multiple operations departments Brilliant troubleshooting skills Good communication skills presentable to clients Decent data analysis skills Great attitude, keen to learn Happy to travel to client sites to deliver pilots as and when required likelihood that some projects may require staying away Desirable skills/ experience: Experience at a start-up/ smaller company Smart/ IoT technology experience Telecoms, broadband or some other kind of connectivity industry background (mobile companies/ routing networks) Engineering understanding would be useful Perks Highly innovative technology in a growing industry Fast growing company opportunity to join at an early stage with great career growth potential Direct training from the Global Operations Director Great client exposure Salary: c. 75-85k DOE Location: Manhattan, New York Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: $75,000.00 to $85,000.00 /year Experience: project management : 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) License: Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred) - 1 day ago - 
IMPLEMENTATION PROJECT MANAGER Ultimate Software 243 reviews - New York, NY Ultimate Software 243 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Details Description The Implementation Project Manager is a part of the People Doc US Operations team based in NYC (Ultimate Software acquired PeopleDoc in July 2018 and will officially be under the same umbrella in January 2019). The Implementation Project Manager will oversee the implementation of our solutions, driving Customers. The ideal candidate will have 2 to 6 years experience in project management, ideally in the implementation of HR dedicated IT solutions. He or she will also have good technical skills to carry out projects with a pace of quick implementation (2-6 months on average). Experience using or implementing SaaS or in-house systems (such as ADP, Peoplesoft ) or document management systems is an advantage Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2019 and #8 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2019. Ultimate is also ranked #1 on Fortunes 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #5 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list. Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities: Manage the full project life-cycle implementation Lead workshops to collect client specifications and to provide industry standards Configure the application based off of client specifications Coordinate implementation solutions teams (configuration, IT, product ...) Lead steering committees and follow-up meetings Identify and analyze project risks & dependencies Control customer delivery and validate customer go-live Measure project success and identify improvements needed Stay abreast of new features and products released Act as a subject Matter Expert on identified topics/products Contribute to maintain and grow our internal team knowledge Required Qualifications: Strong oral and written communications Excellent client presentation skills Technical basis for understanding PeopleDoc solutions (solution architecture, database and security) and sFTP/SSO setup Flexibility, versatility and responsiveness Sense of organization, discipline (Experience, Education, Certification, License and Training) Bachelors Degree Travel Requirements: 15% each month This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change. Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Companys online employment application, please contact careers@ultimatesoftware.com. Ultimate Software - 30+ days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager, Construction Project Eye Consultants Inc - New York, NY $45,000 - $60,000 a year PROJECT EYE CONSULTANTS INC. a General Construction Company in NYC is currently seeking an Assistant PM to work with Project Executive to maintain schedules, coordinate, plan and manage all field operations on projects. Assistant Project Manager is expected to provide construction management and general contracting services that meet the highest level of quality. Develop and Maintain on-site logistics plans and procedures for the field operations Interface with all on-site work teams to resolve problems, ensure quality, safety, scheduling and achieving schedules in support of overall project objectives. Maintain close coordination with engineering, estimating, and project management team to assure work complies with drawings, specifications, and schedule; communicate effectively with the project management team to assist in accurate contract items lists and shop drawing schedules; attend weekly project team meetings to ensure open communication and swift issue resolution Assist in the development of, Update and Maintain the Project Schedule as needed; including a, two week look ahead schedule and prepare daily construction reports Establish and maintain document controls to assure work is aligned with the latest design documentation and approved shop drawings Assist in the development and Maintain the Site Safety Plan; Assure continuous maintenance of the safety program and conduct weekly safety meetings, regular toolbox talks, and safety pre-task meetings as needed Conduct weekly foreman and superintendent meetings; assure minutes are prepared and distributed accurately and timely Assure required risk controls are properly established and maintained as per corporate operations policies and procedure manual Implement and enforce Project Eye Consultants Code of Ethics and engage in any business practice with 100 percent integrity. Minimum requirements Educational and experience requirements include College Degree in Construction management, architecture; engineering with at least 4 years experience/knowledge. Thorough understanding of industry practices, processes, standards, etc and their impact on project activities is vital. OSHA 30/40, ASHE applicants preferred. Must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Access to reliable transportation to and from project sites within NYC is preferred. Thorough knowledge of all aspects of construction including safety, mitigation & control methods, operational means & methods, and technology. Excellent communication, organizational, supervisory and planning skills required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $45,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off - 21 days ago - 
Project Manager Seen by Indeed - New York, NY Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities Get matched with top tech companies on Seen! Seen by Indeed - 30+ days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager Design On - New York, NY 10017 Design On, with offices in Russia and Turkey has formed a joint venture with Silver Slate Group, based in New York, and is looking to hire an assistant project manager to work in the New York office and interface with Turkey. Description as follows: - Assistant Project Manager to work on mainly millwork and furniture production and installation for commercial projects in New York and the tribe state area - Will be responsible for project management and overseeing production and installation - Will conduct construction administration activities including site visits, RFI responses, submittals and punch list reviews - Will oversee projects from start to finish to ensure high quality, innovative and functional design - Will attend client meetings and coordinate with sub contractors and vendors Requirements: - Ability to work with little supervision - Knowledge of Autocad - Strong work ethic, outgoing, energetic - Minimum 2 years experience in architecture, construction project management, interior design or civil engineering Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: One location - 24 days ago - 
Lighting Project Manager En-Power Group - New York, NY Principal Responsibilities: Manage turnkey lighting projects for lighting upgrade projects. Manage client lighting needs and serve as their primary contact throughout the project and following completion Conduct site visits and provide lighting upgrade recommendations with the goal to improve light quality and reducing energy consumption and maintenance costs, to improve occupant comfort and ensure compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Perform feasibility, energy savings, and cost-benefit analyses of lighting upgrade opportunities Work closely with sales team and with clients to secure contracts Manage equipment selection, purchasing, and installation of lighting equipment Communicate and coordinate with property managers, building owners,building staff, engineers, subcontractors, manufacturers, and vendors Assist in purchasing, administrative tasks, and rebate facilitation across the companys lighting project portfolio Ensure that projects are completed within reasonable time frames, to high quality standards, in compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Job Requirements: Bachelors degree,preferably in engineering, science-related, or comparable field Previous 2+ yearsexperience with project management Knowledgeable about existing lighting technology, systems, and incentive programs preferred but not required Highly proficient in Microsoft Office, primarily Excel. Demonstrated ability to work with numbers, calculations, and data Some understanding of electrical systems related to lighting installations Certified as OSHA-10 prior to or within 6 months of employment Travel primarily within New York City and occasionally surrounding areas Required Personal Qualifications: Collaborative personality,strong team player Exceptional verbal and oral communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Self-motivated, strong attention to detail, and ability to multitask Demonstrated enthusiasm for learning Proven ability to work independently and within a team environment, and to proactively identify problems and solutions Benefits: Medical and Dental Insurance Paid Vacation and Flexible PTO 401(k) Retirement Plan Pre-tax Travel & Phone Stipend Annual Professional Development Allowance Employee Assistance Program Additional Benefits include: Company Activities, Lunch & Learns EN-POWER GROUP is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full-time Experience: management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: New York, NY (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Professional development assistance This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture - 4 days ago - 
Project Manager (New Development Sales & Marketing) Reuveni Real Estate - New York, NY Reuveni Real Estate is a privately owned and operated brokerage company, founded by industry expert Shlomi Reuveni. The firm focuses on the sales and marketing of conversion and ground-up new development projects. With more than 30 years of real estate experience and an impeccable reputation, Reuveni has successfully collaborated with the esteemed New York City real estate brokerage community, developer clients, and industry professionals. Reuveni is known industry-wide for his hands-on approach and has been the driving force behind the design, pre-development planning, marketing, and sales process of over $3billion of conversion and ground-up new development projects. Reuveni Real Estates passion-fueled and supremely professional real estate development services include Research and Analytics, Pre-Development Planning and Design, Marketing and Branding, Brokerage and Sales, and Consulting. Reuveni Real Estate is in need of a Project Manager. JOB DESCRIPTION: Provide leadership, oversight and identify all tasks in need of completion within a new residential condominium development marketing and sales campaign. Managed activities to include: marketing campaign planning and implementation, team sales recruiting and training, unit release strategies and pricing. Collaboratively work with all players of a project, including the developer client, marketing, sales, public relations, and operation teams to ensure the most effective approaches to marketing and sales for the property. Strategically delegate tasks to appropriate team members Meet with architects and designers, making recommendations on floorplans, features, and amenities. Manage marketing budgets and provide accurate sales projections; further, assist with daily reporting and facilitation of presentations Perform analyses of advertising and marketing programs, provide pricing recommendations and ensure appropriate product positioning within the market. Plan and coordinate frequent broker events Maintain a high level of communication with all parties involved in each project. Legal and project document review Attend all client meetings Provide construction management oversight during the construction process REQUIREMENTS: Strong ability to prioritize tasks and execute accordingly Must be able to make big and small decisions based on the interest of clients and company Proficiency in Word, PowerPoint, and Excel New York State Real Estate License preferred Minimum of 5-year experience required, up to 10 years preferred Real Estate experience required Bachelors Degree required Job Type: Full-time Experience: Management: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Paid time off This Company Describes Its Culture as: Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative - 30 days ago - 
Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc. - Brooklyn, NY 11215 $110,000 - $150,000 a year Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc., a full-service water conservation firm committed to preserving our environment. Ashokan is currently looking for a talented Plumbing Project Manager in our Brooklyn office. Here you will thrive as a respected member of the leadership team and well depend on your expertise in plumbing and conservation. The Plumbing Project Manager will lead all elements of the Plumbing Division by providing strategic direction to achieve targeted short-term and long-term business objectives while demonstrating a true commitment to customer-service. The Plumbing Project Manager possesses the ability to thrive in an environment that requires accountability, adaptability, and ingenuity. Step into Ashokan and start your life-changing journey today! Essential Job Functions: Manage plumbing installations and related projects from proposal stage to completion Oversee project permitting, purchasing, and billing Document control, which includes creating simple plumbing estimates and contracts Material takeoff for backflow preventers and meter installations Supervise and delegate duties to plumbing field staff and administrative personnel Communicate with foreman Develop and maintain subcontractor and vendor relationships Provide cost and risk assessment to sales staff and clients Support sales staff with technical analysis of proposed installations, engineering plans, and municipal violations Meet with clients to troubleshoot jobs Qualifications 5+ years of managerial experience 3+ years construction experience, preferably backflow preventer and water meter installation Understanding of contract/bid documents for execution Attention to detail and problem-solving skills Excellent communication, time management, organizational skills, and the ability to prioritize work Ability to operate independently with minimal direction Proficiency in MS Office Suite, QuickBooks a plus! College degree; BS in engineering a plus. For consideration, send your cover letter, salary requirements, and resume in the body of your email. Attachments will not be opened. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Experience: Plumbing: 3 years (Preferred) Managerial: 5 years (Preferred) project management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Brooklyn, NY (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits offered: Paid time off Flexible schedules - 12 days ago - 
Construction Project Manager Hao Cheng Developement - Queens, NY $60,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time, Contract We are seeking a Construction Project Manager to join our team! You will oversee project planning, scheduling, budgeting, and implementation. Responsibilities: Oversee all aspects of construction project from planning to implementation Allocate resources for assigned projects Supervise onsite personnel and subcontractors Interface with project inspectors, contractors, architects, engineers, city and county officials, and clients Negotiate with contractors to receive reasonable order costs Maintain high standards of workmanship that adhere to original plans and specifications Qualifications: Previous experience in construction management or other related fields Recommended 3+ Years Strong leadership qualities Strong negotiation skills Deadline and detail-oriented Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract Salary: $60,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Full Time Opportunity: Yes Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote One location This Company Describes Its Culture as: People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented - 3 days ago - 
eCommerce Technical Project Manager Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering eCommerce projects. Candidate should have a technical background and should have performed as a developer earlier in the career.Candidate should have technical knowledge about business flows, project architecture and should gel up well with the development team technically and able to communicate the same with clients.Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 2 days ago - 
Project Manager Revampologist - Manhattan, NY Contract Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 1 day. Role overview Revampologist LLC is looking for an experienced Technical Project Manager who is skilled in rapid delivery and eager to own a global website roll-out of one of our clients You will be working in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, working cross-functionality and globally to plan, communicate and scale this experience to 20+ countries. As a Project Manager in this role, your chief responsibility will be to work with each region to capture local requirements and coordinate with development and QA teams to ensure that each countrys experience is delivered accurately and on-time. This is a 6 month contracted position based in either London, England or New York, New York. Responsibilities: Work closely with your regional counterparts to gather legal, business, and user requirements to ensure that the product experience will meet all needs within that region. Manage regional expectations on what can be delivered and time to market. Gain a deep understanding of the product you are responsible for scaling, helping to manage and educate your regional counterparts on both technical feasibility and best practices. Ability to accurately assess and prioritize regional requirements so that you are able to scale as efficiently as possible. Ensure that each experience is developed with accuracy, making sure that it meets all requirements that have been agreed in each region before sharing with regional leads and prior to launch. Coordinate with your team of skilled engineers to create a shared understanding of all requirements and how they have been prioritized. Develop an understanding for your teams velocity so that you can accurately set timelines with your stakeholders and keep your team as effective as possible. Work with product and development teams on launch plans, coordinating with various teams to make sure that each release is a success. Qualifications: 4+ years of experience in project management, ideally in working with product management teams in bringing technology products to market in a fast-paced environment. Excellent interpersonal skills, including strong verbal and written communication, with experience in fostering relationships with global stakeholders. Experience in fintech, financial advisory, and/or brokerage services preferred. Experience with iterative software development practices (such as Agile), and product management methodology is preferred. Experience with workflow tools, such as Jira/Confluence, Trello, Realtime board is preferred. Open, collaborative and proven team player, with an ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance or support. Technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in software development and web technologies is preferred, but not required. Ability to learn quickly, with a strong intellectual curiosity. Job Type: Contract Experience: Project Management: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) License: Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred) Contract Length: 5 - 6 months Work Location: One location Schedule:: Monday to Friday - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager (IT) Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Mobikasa is a web and mobile application development team looking to hire an experienced project manager of the same domain. The ideal candidate should have experience delivering either web or mobile app projects. Strong command over English language is essential. In addition, we are looking for an individual who is positive, organized, and who possesses strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well within a team. Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering web / mobile application projects. Responsibilities and Duties Meet with potential clients and close leads. Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Qualifications and Skills Extensive understanding of project and program management principles, methods, and techniques. Strong SDLC and project management skills Ability to drive and deliver technical implementation projects to timelines. Strong communication skills ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Ability to drive consensus and persistence to achieve end results. Good understanding of agile methodologies and how it impacts the various support functions architecture release management 6 Ability to stage manage important meetings define agenda drive notes and next steps. DETAIL-ORIENTED and RESULTS-DRIVEN. Works with urgency and takes ownership of assigned duties to get done and done right. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office/Excel and Google Drive Spreadsheets. Understanding of technology stack (web & mobile), user centricity, and strong aesthetic sense would be considered essential for success Conceive, design, launch and continually upgrade the portfolio of products for the Mobile app and Website Working closely with the business team, marketing team and the associates in the market Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 4 days ago - 
HIV Prevention Project Manager Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews - Staten Island, NY 10301 Full-time, Part-time Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. HIV Prevention Project Manager Full Time Position Job Description HIV Prevention Project Manager: Oversee the implementation of all HIV prevention programming at the Pride Center of Staten Island. Supervise the Program Assistant and the implementation of the IDG Momentum. Supervise full-time and part time HIV Testers. Work individually with a caseload of young men who have sex with men and transgender individuals to provide HIV Navigation Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for program participants. The HIV Prevention Project Manager will facilitate a multi-session group for program clients to increase HIV/STI education and social support. Be an active manager on the Pride Center of Staten Island staff team. Duties: Conduct in-reach to existing young MSM programs and outreach in the Staten Island community to recruit those at high risk of transmitting or contracting HIV and other STDs in prevention programming. Screen young MSMs ages 16-29 at highest risk for acquiring or transmitting HIV to determine participation in the program. Enroll and navigate 75 clients annually through HNS Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for all participants who need assistance with referrals such as HIV CTR, STI CTR, PrEP/Pep, other health care services, etc. Facilitate a multi-session, prevention-based educational group for at least 10 young (17-29 years old) MSM clients per cycle (Three 6-week cycles per year). Supervise Program Assistant, Full-time, and Part-time testers. Maintain online testing portal and manage testing requests. Manage testing schedule for on-site and alternate venue site testing personnel. Strengthen and maintain relationships with partners to uphold or develop new inkage agreements and other community resources. Provide crisis intervention and mediation for youth and other Center participants as conflict arises. Assist with additional Pride Center programming as requested. Maintain complete and accurate records and files. Assist with monthly and annual reporting as required by funder and agency. Prepare and submit all paperwork on a weekly basis. Attend trainings and conduct online research to remain up-to-date on relevant issues. Participate in weekly supervision, program, management and agency-wide meetings, and quality assurance and continuous quality improvement activities. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in public health, social work, or related field with 2 years of relevant experience, or Associates degree with 4 years of relevant experience, or H.S Diploma with 6 years of relevant experience. Experience managing evidence-based interventions, contract deliverables, and staff required. Social work, case management, or related experience working with youth, MSM, transgender individuals, clients with a history of substance use and/or mental health issues, persons living with/ affected by HIV/AIDS and/or diverse groups of youth/young adults. Candidate must demonstrate ability to work effectively and positively with clients from diverse backgrounds; ethnic, cultural and sexual minorities with a sex positive and harm reduction approach. Attention to detail, self-motivation, and ability to work independently and as part of a team required. Applicants should be passionate, open-minded, patient, creative, and have a commitment to and enthusiasm for educating young people about sexual health and creating positive change. This is a full-time non-exempt position with benefits. Work place is the Pride Center of Staten Island, 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdfloor. The HIV Prevention Project Manager reports to the Programs Manager. Hours: 10 AM 6 PM on Tuesdays. 1PM - 9PM Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. 11 AM 7 PM on Saturdays. Please Note: Work schedule may change depending on the needs of the Center. EOE Employer: Pride Center of Staten Island believes in equal opportunity in employment. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, HIV serostatus, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability. Send Cover Letter and Resume to: lsloan@pridecentersi.org (please include job title in subject line) OR Dr. Lisa Sloan, Program Director Pride Center of Staten Island 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdFloor Staten Island, NY 10301 Community Health Action of Staten Island - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager TPN 23 reviews - New York, NY TPN 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Summary : The Project Manager ensures client satisfaction by ensuring creative is delivered on time at every key milestone from internal meetings to client meetings to final executions in the marketplace. The Project Manager seamlessly integrates and coordinates workflow between all departments Creative, Account Service, Internal Departments (Studio, Image Works, Print Production) and outside agencies. Understands and knows what every creative is working on, when he or she will be finished and their available capacity. The Project Manager has the ability to multitask and stays on top of all programs for Client. Communicates project status and deliverables between internal departments, clients, or outside agency partners to ensure overall coordination for project completion. The Project Manager revises work plans and staffing assignments, as appropriate, to meet changing deadlines and requirements. The Project Manager functions as an Art Buyer, works closely with Creative Director and Art Directors to find and purchase artwork for creative needs. Coordinates, plans, and negotiates costs and timing of photo shoots from pre-production through execution. Builds relationships with integrated agencies to source brand assets. Is the primary/sole point of contact for stock purchases. Core Accountabilities : Manages overall creative team capacity and available resources to better prioritize and distribute work to all team members Assesses scope of project with account and creative partnership and aligns the proper number of creative hours to deliver a quality product Builds relationships among all departments to ensure harmonious work environment and ultimately meeting all deadlines Builds internal creative timelines to ensure external deadlines are met Creates and maintains daily universal calendar of all program timelines Codes projects with visual cues e.g. icons and color Provides nightly status to creative leaders highlighting key deliverables and client meetings for the next day Assists Account Service in coordinating internal reviews, internal approvals, and client approvals Manages fixture testing for all programs with Operations team by preparing fixture testing elements list and providing direction for the printing and displaying of in-house fixture test prints Coordinates and reviews with Operations team timelines prior to share-out with client Manages freelance (art directors and writers) and their time Maintains contact list of outside talent Coordinates pre-production planning and purchasing of art work (photography and stock) Prepares triple bids, negotiates costs and timing for photo shoots for the best product within budget Works with clients team to adhere to production guidelines Manages Client Brand Assets Submits original icons for approval to Client brand library Manages clients brand assets Provides detailed specs to brand agencies by working with Production to identify technical needs Core Skills : Oral Communications Organizes ideas and communicates oral messages appropriately to others Participates in conversation, discussions and group presentations Selects an appropriate medium of conveying a message Uses verbal language and other cues such as body language, tone and level of complexity to the audience Speaks clearly and concisely Understands and responds to listener feedback and asks questions when needed Written Communications Communicates thoughts, ideas, information and messages in writing Records information completely and accurately Effectively composes and creates documents, letters, reports, proposals, graphs, etc Uses language, style, organization, and format appropriate to the subject matter, purpose and audience Includes supports documentation and attends to all levels of detail Checks, edits and revises for correct information, appropriate emphasis, form, grammar, spelling and punctuation Project Leadership Ability to motivate, influence, delegate, prioritize and communicate project status to all stakeholders Ability to organize, prioritize work and materials for appropriate action Manage Resources Ability to identify and align resources, utilize performance, monitor indicators and manage all resources against budgets Accuracy/Attention to Detail Applies appropriate attention to detail Work can be relied upon for thoroughness and accuracy Focus on Client Needs Anticipates and identifies internal and external client needs Develops effective working relationships with clients Continually searches efficiencies to increase client satisfaction Builds internal/external relationships Develops relationship with others as key priority Strives for win-win solutions Time Management Ability to manage own time effectively, setting priorities and meeting deadlines Sound business and professional ethics Requirements : Experience: 3+ years working in an agency environment Education: Four-Year Degree preferred *TPN is an equal opportunity employer. TPN - 1 day ago - 
Project Superintendent/Assistant Project Manager B&B Contracting Group, LLC - New York, NY 10011 $19.99 - $20.00 an hour -Contract Full time, temporary position. Looking for someone to start ASAP . Project to end by middle of January. If by the end of the project we have more work, there is a possibility of a longer term- but not guaranteed.- Daily Logs RFIs Organize Submittals Keep drawings up to date for super/subs Recording of safety Inspections General communication with subs as directed by super Job Type: Contract Salary: $19.99 to $20.00 /hour Experience: relevant: 1 year (Preferred) Superintendent: 1 year (Preferred) Contract Renewal: Not likely Work Location: One location - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager Thrive Operations - New York, NY The Project Manager position has primary responsibility for defining, planning, tracking and managing the projects they are assigned. He/she is responsible for identifying key resources and providing the direction required for meeting the project objectives. Qualifications and skills of the Project Manager include an ability to lead and motivate people and encourage teamwork, an ability to communicate effectively with senior management, and a clear vision of what determines a successful product for the customer and for the company. The Project Manager also must be able to manage project schedule and task details and utilize project management tools such as reports, tracking charts, checklists, and project scheduling software and to delegate appropriately. He/she must be able to manage change and take active leadership in timely decision making. Finally, a Project Manager must have the courage to face up to issues squarely and early, resolve conflicts, admit to having problems and seek coaching openly, escalate if necessary, and generally champion the people and the project up, down, and across the organization and with customers. Primary Responsibilities: Direct and manage project through Project Lifecycle. Plan, execute and finalize projects according to strict deadlines and within budget Demonstrate knowledge in IT Projects and planning on how to implement solutions Lead daily Traffic Light Meetings Manage incident reporting and internal escalations, provide guidance on external handling and communications Develop and complete portfolio, resource and financial reports for management Assigned mentor for PM Resources Process and Delivery Quality Control Qualifications: Technical background sufficient to understand the technologies and technical issues involved with the services, to be able to anticipate and identify critical delivery obstacles, and use sound judgment based on the teams input to make good business decisions Previous management and/or leadership roles Requirements: PMP (preferred but not required) ITIL (preferred but not required) Minimum of 4 years Project Management experience For more information on this job opening or to apply, please email careers@thrivenetworks.com. Thrive Operations - Today - 
Research Project Manager New York State Psychiatry Institute - New York, NY 10032 $93,343 a year We are currently seeking a candidate qualified to work on a full-time basis as a Research Project Manager for a multi-site national protocol being conducted as part of the NIDA Clinical Trials Network that is investigating different methods of detoxification from opiates and induction onto medication. Duties/Responsibilities: Under the guidance of study leadership, the Research Project Manager will be responsible for the following: Work collaboratively with the Lead Investigator and the Lead study team, including the NIDA contracted coordinating center, and study sites on the development, implementation and daily operations of research the study protocol. Act as point person for study sites regarding the daily operations of the study protocol. Utilize effective communication strategies to coordinate schedules, organize, and participate/lead project meetings and conference calls. Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation, plans, and reports, including weekly study updates and annual project reports. Assist with preparation of presentations for PI and project leadership for scientific conferences and meetings and manuscripts for publication. Demonstrating working effectively as part of a multidisciplinary team Demonstrating flexibility and persistence through excellent follow-up and follow-through skills Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor degree plus minimum 10 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Master's degree with at least 5 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Excellent communication skills, oral, and written Strong organizational skills, including effective time management and the ability to manage competing priorities Ability to work both independently and alongside study leadership with appropriate guidance and support Excellent computer skills in a Windows environment, including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and SPSS and Adobe Acrobat Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of and/or experience in research in substance use disorders populations, particularly treatment of opiate dependence. To apply: Submit an application with cover letter and resume by November 25th through our website https://nyspi.applicantpro.com/jobs/. Only applications submitted through the RFMH website will be accepted. The Research Foundation is a private not-for-profit corporation and is not an agency or instrumentality of the State of New York. Employees of the Research Foundation are not state employees, do not participate in any state retirement system, and do not receive state fringe benefits. Excellent Benefits Package. Employer/Minority/Women/Disabled/Veteran Employer. VEVRAA 41 CFR 60-300.5a compliant. New York State Psychiatry Institute - Today - 
Project Manager HCL- USA - New York, NY To design, develop and deliver complex new features, fixes and enhancements in the product as per product management requirements and guide the team effectively in completing their assigned tasks with high quality. (1.) To independently resolve Complex or escalated issues/tickets as per stated resolution goals (2.) To maintain issue logs and document the process and the method of resolving/ troubleshooting the specific ticket (3.) To undertake training programs for new joinees and perform knowledge transition during project enhancements (4.) Ensure continuous learning by improving wrt scope of work. (5.) Guiding the support engineer in creating product documentation for customer support and contributing towards technical support white papers HCL Technologies - 8 days ago - 
Project Manager CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. - New York, NY $60,000 - $75,000 a year Project Manager Full-time position, NY Position Description We are looking for a leader, a skilled and experienced Project Manager looking to join our Project Management Team to run projects and lead CRS move teams. CRS offers a variety of services, and Project Managers need to adapt to different projects (i.e. move relocation, furniture delivery and installation, etc.). Project Managers need to be detail oriented and ready to adapt to a constantly changing scope of work. Role & Responsibilities You will report directly to the VP Operations and the CRS Sales Team. Your primary goal is to take control of each project the Sales Team passes off, follow as best you can the guidelines of the move plan and budget, prepare all paperwork and coordinate with the Operations Team to ensure you have the necessary work force and materials on site to complete the project. Following every project, you will need to generate a cost analysis and review all aspects of the project (and any changes, if applicable) with the Sales Team to prepare for the Finance Team. Qualifications 3+ years Project Management experience Moving or Furniture Industry experience not required but preferred Comfortable with taking charge and leading a team Detail oriented, being able to effectively take notes and follow a budget Ability to generate concise cost analysis reports Compensation & Benefits Competitive base salary, commission incentive program (for generating leads for the Sales Team while on site or interacting with clients), 10 days PTO/sick days, participation in company health insurance and 401K plan. Company CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. is a premier white-glove moving and storage company, specializing in commercial relocations. We are committed to making every project seamless from start through completion. CRS offers a variety of tailored solutions, including: moving, storage, disassembly of existing furniture systems and reconfigurations, new furniture delivery and installation, disposal, liquidation and e-waste. We work a diverse mix of clients across many industries, such as, Wells Fargo, HSBC, AMC Networks, Nobu, Zenith, Fuse TV, to name a few. We pride ourselves on completing relocation on schedule and within budget, and we have the equipment and workforce to handle any office move, regardless of size or location. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: Move: 2 years (Preferred) Estimating: 2 years (Preferred) Furniture: 2 years (Preferred) Project Management: 2 years (Required) Education: Associate (Preferred) License: Driver's License (Required) - 30+ days ago - 
Project Manager - Building Mechanical Maintenance Action Facilities Management, Inc - Alexandria Bay, NY Project Manager - Building Mechanical Maintenance Salary: Competitive Salary based on Experience The Project Manager shall possess at a minimum at least 5 years of recent (within the past 7 years) experience in the management and supervision of building mechanical maintenance operations for large buildings. Must have Computerized Mechanical Maintenance System (CMMS) experience. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Building Maintenance: 5 years (Preferred) Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan - Today - 
Project Manager CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. - New York, NY $60,000 - $75,000 a year Project Manager Full-time position, NY Position Description We are looking for a leader, a skilled and experienced Project Manager looking to join our Project Management Team to run projects and lead CRS move teams. CRS offers a variety of services, and Project Managers need to adapt to different projects (i.e. move relocation, furniture delivery and installation, etc.). Project Managers need to be detail oriented and ready to adapt to a constantly changing scope of work. Role & Responsibilities You will report directly to the VP Operations and the CRS Sales Team. Your primary goal is to take control of each project the Sales Team passes off, follow as best you can the guidelines of the move plan and budget, prepare all paperwork and coordinate with the Operations Team to ensure you have the necessary work force and materials on site to complete the project. Following every project, you will need to generate a cost analysis and review all aspects of the project (and any changes, if applicable) with the Sales Team to prepare for the Finance Team. Qualifications 3+ years Project Management experience Moving or Furniture Industry experience not required but preferred Comfortable with taking charge and leading a team Detail oriented, being able to effectively take notes and follow a budget Ability to generate concise cost analysis reports Compensation & Benefits Competitive base salary, commission incentive program (for generating leads for the Sales Team while on site or interacting with clients), 10 days PTO/sick days, participation in company health insurance and 401K plan. Company CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. is a premier white-glove moving and storage company, specializing in commercial relocations. We are committed to making every project seamless from start through completion. CRS offers a variety of tailored solutions, including: moving, storage, disassembly of existing furniture systems and reconfigurations, new furniture delivery and installation, disposal, liquidation and e-waste. We work a diverse mix of clients across many industries, such as, Wells Fargo, HSBC, AMC Networks, Nobu, Zenith, Fuse TV, to name a few. We pride ourselves on completing relocation on schedule and within budget, and we have the equipment and workforce to handle any office move, regardless of size or location. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: Move: 2 years (Preferred) Estimating: 2 years (Preferred) Furniture: 2 years (Preferred) Project Management: 2 years (Required) Education: Associate (Preferred) License: Driver's License (Required) - 30+ days ago - 
Lighting Project Manager En-Power Group - New York, NY Principal Responsibilities: Manage turnkey lighting projects for lighting upgrade projects. Manage client lighting needs and serve as their primary contact throughout the project and following completion Conduct site visits and provide lighting upgrade recommendations with the goal to improve light quality and reducing energy consumption and maintenance costs, to improve occupant comfort and ensure compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Perform feasibility, energy savings, and cost-benefit analyses of lighting upgrade opportunities Work closely with sales team and with clients to secure contracts Manage equipment selection, purchasing, and installation of lighting equipment Communicate and coordinate with property managers, building owners,building staff, engineers, subcontractors, manufacturers, and vendors Assist in purchasing, administrative tasks, and rebate facilitation across the companys lighting project portfolio Ensure that projects are completed within reasonable time frames, to high quality standards, in compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Job Requirements: Bachelors degree,preferably in engineering, science-related, or comparable field Previous 2+ yearsexperience with project management Knowledgeable about existing lighting technology, systems, and incentive programs preferred but not required Highly proficient in Microsoft Office, primarily Excel. Demonstrated ability to work with numbers, calculations, and data Some understanding of electrical systems related to lighting installations Certified as OSHA-10 prior to or within 6 months of employment Travel primarily within New York City and occasionally surrounding areas Required Personal Qualifications: Collaborative personality,strong team player Exceptional verbal and oral communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Self-motivated, strong attention to detail, and ability to multitask Demonstrated enthusiasm for learning Proven ability to work independently and within a team environment, and to proactively identify problems and solutions Benefits: Medical and Dental Insurance Paid Vacation and Flexible PTO 401(k) Retirement Plan Pre-tax Travel & Phone Stipend Annual Professional Development Allowance Employee Assistance Program Additional Benefits include: Company Activities, Lunch & Learns EN-POWER GROUP is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full-time Experience: management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: New York, NY (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Professional development assistance This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture - 4 days ago - 
Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc. - Brooklyn, NY 11215 $110,000 - $150,000 a year Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc., a full-service water conservation firm committed to preserving our environment. Ashokan is currently looking for a talented Plumbing Project Manager in our Brooklyn office. Here you will thrive as a respected member of the leadership team and well depend on your expertise in plumbing and conservation. The Plumbing Project Manager will lead all elements of the Plumbing Division by providing strategic direction to achieve targeted short-term and long-term business objectives while demonstrating a true commitment to customer-service. The Plumbing Project Manager possesses the ability to thrive in an environment that requires accountability, adaptability, and ingenuity. Step into Ashokan and start your life-changing journey today! Essential Job Functions: Manage plumbing installations and related projects from proposal stage to completion Oversee project permitting, purchasing, and billing Document control, which includes creating simple plumbing estimates and contracts Material takeoff for backflow preventers and meter installations Supervise and delegate duties to plumbing field staff and administrative personnel Communicate with foreman Develop and maintain subcontractor and vendor relationships Provide cost and risk assessment to sales staff and clients Support sales staff with technical analysis of proposed installations, engineering plans, and municipal violations Meet with clients to troubleshoot jobs Qualifications 5+ years of managerial experience 3+ years construction experience, preferably backflow preventer and water meter installation Understanding of contract/bid documents for execution Attention to detail and problem-solving skills Excellent communication, time management, organizational skills, and the ability to prioritize work Ability to operate independently with minimal direction Proficiency in MS Office Suite, QuickBooks a plus! College degree; BS in engineering a plus. For consideration, send your cover letter, salary requirements, and resume in the body of your email. Attachments will not be opened. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Experience: Plumbing: 3 years (Preferred) Managerial: 5 years (Preferred) project management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Brooklyn, NY (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits offered: Paid time off Flexible schedules - 12 days ago - 
Project Manager ATCO Contracting Group Inc. - Queens, NY 11106 $65,000 - $75,000 a year Field Project Manager for Environmental Abatement: Experience is a must. NYC SCA / NYC Agencies/NYS Agencies experience is a plus. Bachelor's degree in Construction/Engineering or a related field. Must be This position reports to the VP of Operations and assists the Project Manager with coordinating all contract documents, logging and documenting, assist with coordination and supervise personnel and vendors engaged on projects. They will handle multiple projects while serving as a company representative. They will also assist with subcontract bids, purchase orders and change orders. Must have knowledge of specifications and requirements, and project cost analysis. Requirements 4 year degree in Science or Engineering NYSDOL Certified Project Designer Qualified candidates will have a minimum of 2 years of experience preparing asbestos abatement designs, writing NYSDOL variance petitions and managing all aspects of asbestos abatement projects. Strong writing skills is essential to the position Additional asbestos, lead, mold and OSHA certifications is a plus Candidates must have good communication skills and a collaborative approach working with both client and construction contractor/subcontractors. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $65,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: construction: 4 years (Required) project management: 2 years (Required) management: 2 years (Required) architecture: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Queens, NY (Required) License: NYSDOL Asbestos (Preferred) NYSDMV (Required) Language: Spanish (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Security Clearance Required: Confidential (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Commission Benefits: Paid time off Health insurance - 10 days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager Design On - New York, NY 10017 $50,000 - $60,000 a year Design On, with offices in Russia and Turkey has formed a joint venture with Silver Slate Group, based in New York, and is looking to hire an assistant project manager to work in the New York office and interface with Turkey. Description as follows: - Assistant Project Manager to work on mainly millwork and furniture production and installation for commercial projects in New York and the tribe state area - Will be responsible for project management and overseeing production and installation - Will conduct construction administration activities including site visits, RFI responses, submittals and punch list reviews - Will oversee projects from start to finish to ensure high quality, innovative and functional design - Will attend client meetings and coordinate with sub contractors and vendors Requirements: - Ability to work with little supervision - Knowledge of Autocad - Strong work ethic, outgoing, energetic - Minimum 2 years experience in architecture, construction project management, interior design or civil engineering Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: One location - 24 days ago - 
Project Manager/Estimator Apollo Electric, Inc. - New York, NY 10261 Looking to hire an estimator or project manager for high end electrical contracting firm in NYC, with at least 5 years of experience. Full time position, salary to be determined, must be willing to work as a part of our team. Must have experience. Glassdoor - 30+ days ago - 
Construction Project Manager Hao Cheng Developement - Queens, NY $60,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time, Contract We are seeking a Construction Project Manager to join our team! You will oversee project planning, scheduling, budgeting, and implementation. Responsibilities: Oversee all aspects of construction project from planning to implementation Allocate resources for assigned projects Supervise onsite personnel and subcontractors Interface with project inspectors, contractors, architects, engineers, city and county officials, and clients Negotiate with contractors to receive reasonable order costs Maintain high standards of workmanship that adhere to original plans and specifications Qualifications: Previous experience in construction management or other related fields Recommended 3+ Years Strong leadership qualities Strong negotiation skills Deadline and detail-oriented Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract Salary: $60,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Full Time Opportunity: Yes Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote One location This Company Describes Its Culture as: People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented - 3 days ago - 
eCommerce Technical Project Manager Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering eCommerce projects. Candidate should have a technical background and should have performed as a developer earlier in the career.Candidate should have technical knowledge about business flows, project architecture and should gel up well with the development team technically and able to communicate the same with clients.Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 2 days ago - 
Project Manager Revampologist - Manhattan, NY Contract Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 1 day. Role overview Revampologist LLC is looking for an experienced Technical Project Manager who is skilled in rapid delivery and eager to own a global website roll-out of one of our clients You will be working in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, working cross-functionality and globally to plan, communicate and scale this experience to 20+ countries. As a Project Manager in this role, your chief responsibility will be to work with each region to capture local requirements and coordinate with development and QA teams to ensure that each countrys experience is delivered accurately and on-time. This is a 6 month contracted position based in either London, England or New York, New York. Responsibilities: Work closely with your regional counterparts to gather legal, business, and user requirements to ensure that the product experience will meet all needs within that region. Manage regional expectations on what can be delivered and time to market. Gain a deep understanding of the product you are responsible for scaling, helping to manage and educate your regional counterparts on both technical feasibility and best practices. Ability to accurately assess and prioritize regional requirements so that you are able to scale as efficiently as possible. Ensure that each experience is developed with accuracy, making sure that it meets all requirements that have been agreed in each region before sharing with regional leads and prior to launch. Coordinate with your team of skilled engineers to create a shared understanding of all requirements and how they have been prioritized. Develop an understanding for your teams velocity so that you can accurately set timelines with your stakeholders and keep your team as effective as possible. Work with product and development teams on launch plans, coordinating with various teams to make sure that each release is a success. Qualifications: 4+ years of experience in project management, ideally in working with product management teams in bringing technology products to market in a fast-paced environment. Excellent interpersonal skills, including strong verbal and written communication, with experience in fostering relationships with global stakeholders. Experience in fintech, financial advisory, and/or brokerage services preferred. Experience with iterative software development practices (such as Agile), and product management methodology is preferred. Experience with workflow tools, such as Jira/Confluence, Trello, Realtime board is preferred. Open, collaborative and proven team player, with an ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance or support. Technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in software development and web technologies is preferred, but not required. Ability to learn quickly, with a strong intellectual curiosity. Job Type: Contract Experience: Project Management: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) License: Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred) Contract Length: 5 - 6 months Work Location: One location Schedule:: Monday to Friday - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager (IT) Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Mobikasa is a web and mobile application development team looking to hire an experienced project manager of the same domain. The ideal candidate should have experience delivering either web or mobile app projects. Strong command over English language is essential. In addition, we are looking for an individual who is positive, organized, and who possesses strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well within a team. Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering web / mobile application projects. Responsibilities and Duties Meet with potential clients and close leads. Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Qualifications and Skills Extensive understanding of project and program management principles, methods, and techniques. Strong SDLC and project management skills Ability to drive and deliver technical implementation projects to timelines. Strong communication skills ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Ability to drive consensus and persistence to achieve end results. Good understanding of agile methodologies and how it impacts the various support functions architecture release management 6 Ability to stage manage important meetings define agenda drive notes and next steps. DETAIL-ORIENTED and RESULTS-DRIVEN. Works with urgency and takes ownership of assigned duties to get done and done right. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office/Excel and Google Drive Spreadsheets. Understanding of technology stack (web & mobile), user centricity, and strong aesthetic sense would be considered essential for success Conceive, design, launch and continually upgrade the portfolio of products for the Mobile app and Website Working closely with the business team, marketing team and the associates in the market Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 4 days ago - 
HIV Prevention Project Manager Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews - Staten Island, NY 10301 Full-time, Part-time Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. HIV Prevention Project Manager Full Time Position Job Description HIV Prevention Project Manager: Oversee the implementation of all HIV prevention programming at the Pride Center of Staten Island. Supervise the Program Assistant and the implementation of the IDG Momentum. Supervise full-time and part time HIV Testers. Work individually with a caseload of young men who have sex with men and transgender individuals to provide HIV Navigation Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for program participants. The HIV Prevention Project Manager will facilitate a multi-session group for program clients to increase HIV/STI education and social support. Be an active manager on the Pride Center of Staten Island staff team. Duties: Conduct in-reach to existing young MSM programs and outreach in the Staten Island community to recruit those at high risk of transmitting or contracting HIV and other STDs in prevention programming. Screen young MSMs ages 16-29 at highest risk for acquiring or transmitting HIV to determine participation in the program. Enroll and navigate 75 clients annually through HNS Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for all participants who need assistance with referrals such as HIV CTR, STI CTR, PrEP/Pep, other health care services, etc. Facilitate a multi-session, prevention-based educational group for at least 10 young (17-29 years old) MSM clients per cycle (Three 6-week cycles per year). Supervise Program Assistant, Full-time, and Part-time testers. Maintain online testing portal and manage testing requests. Manage testing schedule for on-site and alternate venue site testing personnel. Strengthen and maintain relationships with partners to uphold or develop new inkage agreements and other community resources. Provide crisis intervention and mediation for youth and other Center participants as conflict arises. Assist with additional Pride Center programming as requested. Maintain complete and accurate records and files. Assist with monthly and annual reporting as required by funder and agency. Prepare and submit all paperwork on a weekly basis. Attend trainings and conduct online research to remain up-to-date on relevant issues. Participate in weekly supervision, program, management and agency-wide meetings, and quality assurance and continuous quality improvement activities. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in public health, social work, or related field with 2 years of relevant experience, or Associates degree with 4 years of relevant experience, or H.S Diploma with 6 years of relevant experience. Experience managing evidence-based interventions, contract deliverables, and staff required. Social work, case management, or related experience working with youth, MSM, transgender individuals, clients with a history of substance use and/or mental health issues, persons living with/ affected by HIV/AIDS and/or diverse groups of youth/young adults. Candidate must demonstrate ability to work effectively and positively with clients from diverse backgrounds; ethnic, cultural and sexual minorities with a sex positive and harm reduction approach. Attention to detail, self-motivation, and ability to work independently and as part of a team required. Applicants should be passionate, open-minded, patient, creative, and have a commitment to and enthusiasm for educating young people about sexual health and creating positive change. This is a full-time non-exempt position with benefits. Work place is the Pride Center of Staten Island, 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdfloor. The HIV Prevention Project Manager reports to the Programs Manager. Hours: 10 AM 6 PM on Tuesdays. 1PM - 9PM Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. 11 AM 7 PM on Saturdays. Please Note: Work schedule may change depending on the needs of the Center. EOE Employer: Pride Center of Staten Island believes in equal opportunity in employment. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, HIV serostatus, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability. Send Cover Letter and Resume to: lsloan@pridecentersi.org (please include job title in subject line) OR Dr. Lisa Sloan, Program Director Pride Center of Staten Island 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdFloor Staten Island, NY 10301 Community Health Action of Staten Island - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager TPN 23 reviews - New York, NY TPN 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Summary : The Project Manager ensures client satisfaction by ensuring creative is delivered on time at every key milestone from internal meetings to client meetings to final executions in the marketplace. The Project Manager seamlessly integrates and coordinates workflow between all departments Creative, Account Service, Internal Departments (Studio, Image Works, Print Production) and outside agencies. Understands and knows what every creative is working on, when he or she will be finished and their available capacity. The Project Manager has the ability to multitask and stays on top of all programs for Client. Communicates project status and deliverables between internal departments, clients, or outside agency partners to ensure overall coordination for project completion. The Project Manager revises work plans and staffing assignments, as appropriate, to meet changing deadlines and requirements. The Project Manager functions as an Art Buyer, works closely with Creative Director and Art Directors to find and purchase artwork for creative needs. Coordinates, plans, and negotiates costs and timing of photo shoots from pre-production through execution. Builds relationships with integrated agencies to source brand assets. Is the primary/sole point of contact for stock purchases. Core Accountabilities : Manages overall creative team capacity and available resources to better prioritize and distribute work to all team members Assesses scope of project with account and creative partnership and aligns the proper number of creative hours to deliver a quality product Builds relationships among all departments to ensure harmonious work environment and ultimately meeting all deadlines Builds internal creative timelines to ensure external deadlines are met Creates and maintains daily universal calendar of all program timelines Codes projects with visual cues e.g. icons and color Provides nightly status to creative leaders highlighting key deliverables and client meetings for the next day Assists Account Service in coordinating internal reviews, internal approvals, and client approvals Manages fixture testing for all programs with Operations team by preparing fixture testing elements list and providing direction for the printing and displaying of in-house fixture test prints Coordinates and reviews with Operations team timelines prior to share-out with client Manages freelance (art directors and writers) and their time Maintains contact list of outside talent Coordinates pre-production planning and purchasing of art work (photography and stock) Prepares triple bids, negotiates costs and timing for photo shoots for the best product within budget Works with clients team to adhere to production guidelines Manages Client Brand Assets Submits original icons for approval to Client brand library Manages clients brand assets Provides detailed specs to brand agencies by working with Production to identify technical needs Core Skills : Oral Communications Organizes ideas and communicates oral messages appropriately to others Participates in conversation, discussions and group presentations Selects an appropriate medium of conveying a message Uses verbal language and other cues such as body language, tone and level of complexity to the audience Speaks clearly and concisely Understands and responds to listener feedback and asks questions when needed Written Communications Communicates thoughts, ideas, information and messages in writing Records information completely and accurately Effectively composes and creates documents, letters, reports, proposals, graphs, etc Uses language, style, organization, and format appropriate to the subject matter, purpose and audience Includes supports documentation and attends to all levels of detail Checks, edits and revises for correct information, appropriate emphasis, form, grammar, spelling and punctuation Project Leadership Ability to motivate, influence, delegate, prioritize and communicate project status to all stakeholders Ability to organize, prioritize work and materials for appropriate action Manage Resources Ability to identify and align resources, utilize performance, monitor indicators and manage all resources against budgets Accuracy/Attention to Detail Applies appropriate attention to detail Work can be relied upon for thoroughness and accuracy Focus on Client Needs Anticipates and identifies internal and external client needs Develops effective working relationships with clients Continually searches efficiencies to increase client satisfaction Builds internal/external relationships Develops relationship with others as key priority Strives for win-win solutions Time Management Ability to manage own time effectively, setting priorities and meeting deadlines Sound business and professional ethics Requirements : Experience: 3+ years working in an agency environment Education: Four-Year Degree preferred *TPN is an equal opportunity employer. TPN - 1 day ago - 
Project Superintendent/Assistant Project Manager B&B Contracting Group, LLC - New York, NY 10011 $19.99 - $20.00 an hour -Contract Full time, temporary position. Looking for someone to start ASAP . Project to end by middle of January. If by the end of the project we have more work, there is a possibility of a longer term- but not guaranteed.- Daily Logs RFIs Organize Submittals Keep drawings up to date for super/subs Recording of safety Inspections General communication with subs as directed by super Job Type: Contract Salary: $19.99 to $20.00 /hour Experience: relevant: 1 year (Preferred) Superintendent: 1 year (Preferred) Contract Renewal: Not likely Work Location: One location - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager Thrive Operations - New York, NY The Project Manager position has primary responsibility for defining, planning, tracking and managing the projects they are assigned. He/she is responsible for identifying key resources and providing the direction required for meeting the project objectives. Qualifications and skills of the Project Manager include an ability to lead and motivate people and encourage teamwork, an ability to communicate effectively with senior management, and a clear vision of what determines a successful product for the customer and for the company. The Project Manager also must be able to manage project schedule and task details and utilize project management tools such as reports, tracking charts, checklists, and project scheduling software and to delegate appropriately. He/she must be able to manage change and take active leadership in timely decision making. Finally, a Project Manager must have the courage to face up to issues squarely and early, resolve conflicts, admit to having problems and seek coaching openly, escalate if necessary, and generally champion the people and the project up, down, and across the organization and with customers. Primary Responsibilities: Direct and manage project through Project Lifecycle. Plan, execute and finalize projects according to strict deadlines and within budget Demonstrate knowledge in IT Projects and planning on how to implement solutions Lead daily Traffic Light Meetings Manage incident reporting and internal escalations, provide guidance on external handling and communications Develop and complete portfolio, resource and financial reports for management Assigned mentor for PM Resources Process and Delivery Quality Control Qualifications: Technical background sufficient to understand the technologies and technical issues involved with the services, to be able to anticipate and identify critical delivery obstacles, and use sound judgment based on the teams input to make good business decisions Previous management and/or leadership roles Requirements: PMP (preferred but not required) ITIL (preferred but not required) Minimum of 4 years Project Management experience For more information on this job opening or to apply, please email careers@thrivenetworks.com. Thrive Operations - Today - 
Research Project Manager New York State Psychiatry Institute - New York, NY 10032 $93,343 a year We are currently seeking a candidate qualified to work on a full-time basis as a Research Project Manager for a multi-site national protocol being conducted as part of the NIDA Clinical Trials Network that is investigating different methods of detoxification from opiates and induction onto medication. Duties/Responsibilities: Under the guidance of study leadership, the Research Project Manager will be responsible for the following: Work collaboratively with the Lead Investigator and the Lead study team, including the NIDA contracted coordinating center, and study sites on the development, implementation and daily operations of research the study protocol. Act as point person for study sites regarding the daily operations of the study protocol. Utilize effective communication strategies to coordinate schedules, organize, and participate/lead project meetings and conference calls. Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation, plans, and reports, including weekly study updates and annual project reports. Assist with preparation of presentations for PI and project leadership for scientific conferences and meetings and manuscripts for publication. Demonstrating working effectively as part of a multidisciplinary team Demonstrating flexibility and persistence through excellent follow-up and follow-through skills Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor degree plus minimum 10 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Master's degree with at least 5 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Excellent communication skills, oral, and written Strong organizational skills, including effective time management and the ability to manage competing priorities Ability to work both independently and alongside study leadership with appropriate guidance and support Excellent computer skills in a Windows environment, including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and SPSS and Adobe Acrobat Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of and/or experience in research in substance use disorders populations, particularly treatment of opiate dependence. To apply: Submit an application with cover letter and resume by November 25th through our website https://nyspi.applicantpro.com/jobs/. Only applications submitted through the RFMH website will be accepted. The Research Foundation is a private not-for-profit corporation and is not an agency or instrumentality of the State of New York. Employees of the Research Foundation are not state employees, do not participate in any state retirement system, and do not receive state fringe benefits. Excellent Benefits Package. Employer/Minority/Women/Disabled/Veteran Employer. VEVRAA 41 CFR 60-300.5a compliant. New York State Psychiatry Institute - Today - 
Project Manager HCL- USA - New York, NY To design, develop and deliver complex new features, fixes and enhancements in the product as per product management requirements and guide the team effectively in completing their assigned tasks with high quality. (1.) To independently resolve Complex or escalated issues/tickets as per stated resolution goals (2.) To maintain issue logs and document the process and the method of resolving/ troubleshooting the specific ticket (3.) To undertake training programs for new joinees and perform knowledge transition during project enhancements (4.) Ensure continuous learning by improving wrt scope of work. (5.) Guiding the support engineer in creating product documentation for customer support and contributing towards technical support white papers HCL Technologies - 8 days ago - 
Project Manager Seen by Indeed - New York, NY Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities Get matched with top tech companies on Seen! Seen by Indeed - 30+ days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager, Construction Project Eye Consultants Inc - New York, NY $45,000 - $60,000 a year PROJECT EYE CONSULTANTS INC. a General Construction Company in NYC is currently seeking an Assistant PM to work with Project Executive to maintain schedules, coordinate, plan and manage all field operations on projects. Assistant Project Manager is expected to provide construction management and general contracting services that meet the highest level of quality. Develop and Maintain on-site logistics plans and procedures for the field operations Interface with all on-site work teams to resolve problems, ensure quality, safety, scheduling and achieving schedules in support of overall project objectives. Maintain close coordination with engineering, estimating, and project management team to assure work complies with drawings, specifications, and schedule; communicate effectively with the project management team to assist in accurate contract items lists and shop drawing schedules; attend weekly project team meetings to ensure open communication and swift issue resolution Assist in the development of, Update and Maintain the Project Schedule as needed; including a, two week look ahead schedule and prepare daily construction reports Establish and maintain document controls to assure work is aligned with the latest design documentation and approved shop drawings Assist in the development and Maintain the Site Safety Plan; Assure continuous maintenance of the safety program and conduct weekly safety meetings, regular toolbox talks, and safety pre-task meetings as needed Conduct weekly foreman and superintendent meetings; assure minutes are prepared and distributed accurately and timely Assure required risk controls are properly established and maintained as per corporate operations policies and procedure manual Implement and enforce Project Eye Consultants Code of Ethics and engage in any business practice with 100 percent integrity. Minimum requirements Educational and experience requirements include College Degree in Construction management, architecture; engineering with at least 4 years experience/knowledge. Thorough understanding of industry practices, processes, standards, etc and their impact on project activities is vital. OSHA 30/40, ASHE applicants preferred. Must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Access to reliable transportation to and from project sites within NYC is preferred. Thorough knowledge of all aspects of construction including safety, mitigation & control methods, operational means & methods, and technology. Excellent communication, organizational, supervisory and planning skills required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $45,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off - 21 days ago - 
Project Manager CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. - New York, NY $60,000 - $75,000 a year Project Manager Full-time position, NY Position Description We are looking for a leader, a skilled and experienced Project Manager looking to join our Project Management Team to run projects and lead CRS move teams. CRS offers a variety of services, and Project Managers need to adapt to different projects (i.e. move relocation, furniture delivery and installation, etc.). Project Managers need to be detail oriented and ready to adapt to a constantly changing scope of work. Role & Responsibilities You will report directly to the VP Operations and the CRS Sales Team. Your primary goal is to take control of each project the Sales Team passes off, follow as best you can the guidelines of the move plan and budget, prepare all paperwork and coordinate with the Operations Team to ensure you have the necessary work force and materials on site to complete the project. Following every project, you will need to generate a cost analysis and review all aspects of the project (and any changes, if applicable) with the Sales Team to prepare for the Finance Team. Qualifications 3+ years Project Management experience Moving or Furniture Industry experience not required but preferred Comfortable with taking charge and leading a team Detail oriented, being able to effectively take notes and follow a budget Ability to generate concise cost analysis reports Compensation & Benefits Competitive base salary, commission incentive program (for generating leads for the Sales Team while on site or interacting with clients), 10 days PTO/sick days, participation in company health insurance and 401K plan. Company CRS-Corporate Relocation Systems Inc. is a premier white-glove moving and storage company, specializing in commercial relocations. We are committed to making every project seamless from start through completion. CRS offers a variety of tailored solutions, including: moving, storage, disassembly of existing furniture systems and reconfigurations, new furniture delivery and installation, disposal, liquidation and e-waste. We work a diverse mix of clients across many industries, such as, Wells Fargo, HSBC, AMC Networks, Nobu, Zenith, Fuse TV, to name a few. We pride ourselves on completing relocation on schedule and within budget, and we have the equipment and workforce to handle any office move, regardless of size or location. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: Move: 2 years (Preferred) Estimating: 2 years (Preferred) Furniture: 2 years (Preferred) Project Management: 2 years (Required) Education: Associate (Preferred) License: Driver's License (Required) - 30+ days ago - 
Lighting Project Manager En-Power Group - New York, NY Principal Responsibilities: Manage turnkey lighting projects for lighting upgrade projects. Manage client lighting needs and serve as their primary contact throughout the project and following completion Conduct site visits and provide lighting upgrade recommendations with the goal to improve light quality and reducing energy consumption and maintenance costs, to improve occupant comfort and ensure compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Perform feasibility, energy savings, and cost-benefit analyses of lighting upgrade opportunities Work closely with sales team and with clients to secure contracts Manage equipment selection, purchasing, and installation of lighting equipment Communicate and coordinate with property managers, building owners,building staff, engineers, subcontractors, manufacturers, and vendors Assist in purchasing, administrative tasks, and rebate facilitation across the companys lighting project portfolio Ensure that projects are completed within reasonable time frames, to high quality standards, in compliance with Federal, State, and local laws Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Job Requirements: Bachelors degree,preferably in engineering, science-related, or comparable field Previous 2+ yearsexperience with project management Knowledgeable about existing lighting technology, systems, and incentive programs preferred but not required Highly proficient in Microsoft Office, primarily Excel. Demonstrated ability to work with numbers, calculations, and data Some understanding of electrical systems related to lighting installations Certified as OSHA-10 prior to or within 6 months of employment Travel primarily within New York City and occasionally surrounding areas Required Personal Qualifications: Collaborative personality,strong team player Exceptional verbal and oral communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Self-motivated, strong attention to detail, and ability to multitask Demonstrated enthusiasm for learning Proven ability to work independently and within a team environment, and to proactively identify problems and solutions Benefits: Medical and Dental Insurance Paid Vacation and Flexible PTO 401(k) Retirement Plan Pre-tax Travel & Phone Stipend Annual Professional Development Allowance Employee Assistance Program Additional Benefits include: Company Activities, Lunch & Learns EN-POWER GROUP is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Type: Full-time Experience: management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: New York, NY (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Professional development assistance This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture - 4 days ago - 
Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc. - Brooklyn, NY 11215 $110,000 - $150,000 a year Plumbing Project Manager Ashokan Services, Inc., a full-service water conservation firm committed to preserving our environment. Ashokan is currently looking for a talented Plumbing Project Manager in our Brooklyn office. Here you will thrive as a respected member of the leadership team and well depend on your expertise in plumbing and conservation. The Plumbing Project Manager will lead all elements of the Plumbing Division by providing strategic direction to achieve targeted short-term and long-term business objectives while demonstrating a true commitment to customer-service. The Plumbing Project Manager possesses the ability to thrive in an environment that requires accountability, adaptability, and ingenuity. Step into Ashokan and start your life-changing journey today! Essential Job Functions: Manage plumbing installations and related projects from proposal stage to completion Oversee project permitting, purchasing, and billing Document control, which includes creating simple plumbing estimates and contracts Material takeoff for backflow preventers and meter installations Supervise and delegate duties to plumbing field staff and administrative personnel Communicate with foreman Develop and maintain subcontractor and vendor relationships Provide cost and risk assessment to sales staff and clients Support sales staff with technical analysis of proposed installations, engineering plans, and municipal violations Meet with clients to troubleshoot jobs Qualifications 5+ years of managerial experience 3+ years construction experience, preferably backflow preventer and water meter installation Understanding of contract/bid documents for execution Attention to detail and problem-solving skills Excellent communication, time management, organizational skills, and the ability to prioritize work Ability to operate independently with minimal direction Proficiency in MS Office Suite, QuickBooks a plus! College degree; BS in engineering a plus. For consideration, send your cover letter, salary requirements, and resume in the body of your email. Attachments will not be opened. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Experience: Plumbing: 3 years (Preferred) Managerial: 5 years (Preferred) project management: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Brooklyn, NY (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits offered: Paid time off Flexible schedules - 12 days ago - 
Project Manager ATCO Contracting Group Inc. - Queens, NY 11106 $65,000 - $75,000 a year Field Project Manager for Environmental Abatement: Experience is a must. NYC SCA / NYC Agencies/NYS Agencies experience is a plus. Bachelor's degree in Construction/Engineering or a related field. Must be This position reports to the VP of Operations and assists the Project Manager with coordinating all contract documents, logging and documenting, assist with coordination and supervise personnel and vendors engaged on projects. They will handle multiple projects while serving as a company representative. They will also assist with subcontract bids, purchase orders and change orders. Must have knowledge of specifications and requirements, and project cost analysis. Requirements 4 year degree in Science or Engineering NYSDOL Certified Project Designer Qualified candidates will have a minimum of 2 years of experience preparing asbestos abatement designs, writing NYSDOL variance petitions and managing all aspects of asbestos abatement projects. Strong writing skills is essential to the position Additional asbestos, lead, mold and OSHA certifications is a plus Candidates must have good communication skills and a collaborative approach working with both client and construction contractor/subcontractors. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $65,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: construction: 4 years (Required) project management: 2 years (Required) management: 2 years (Required) architecture: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Queens, NY (Required) License: NYSDOL Asbestos (Preferred) NYSDMV (Required) Language: Spanish (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Security Clearance Required: Confidential (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Commission Benefits: Paid time off Health insurance - 10 days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager Design On - New York, NY 10017 $50,000 - $60,000 a year Design On, with offices in Russia and Turkey has formed a joint venture with Silver Slate Group, based in New York, and is looking to hire an assistant project manager to work in the New York office and interface with Turkey. Description as follows: - Assistant Project Manager to work on mainly millwork and furniture production and installation for commercial projects in New York and the tribe state area - Will be responsible for project management and overseeing production and installation - Will conduct construction administration activities including site visits, RFI responses, submittals and punch list reviews - Will oversee projects from start to finish to ensure high quality, innovative and functional design - Will attend client meetings and coordinate with sub contractors and vendors Requirements: - Ability to work with little supervision - Knowledge of Autocad - Strong work ethic, outgoing, energetic - Minimum 2 years experience in architecture, construction project management, interior design or civil engineering Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: One location - 24 days ago - 
Project Manager/Estimator Apollo Electric, Inc. - New York, NY 10261 Looking to hire an estimator or project manager for high end electrical contracting firm in NYC, with at least 5 years of experience. Full time position, salary to be determined, must be willing to work as a part of our team. Must have experience. Glassdoor - 30+ days ago - 
Construction Project Manager Hao Cheng Developement - Queens, NY $60,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time, Contract We are seeking a Construction Project Manager to join our team! You will oversee project planning, scheduling, budgeting, and implementation. Responsibilities: Oversee all aspects of construction project from planning to implementation Allocate resources for assigned projects Supervise onsite personnel and subcontractors Interface with project inspectors, contractors, architects, engineers, city and county officials, and clients Negotiate with contractors to receive reasonable order costs Maintain high standards of workmanship that adhere to original plans and specifications Qualifications: Previous experience in construction management or other related fields Recommended 3+ Years Strong leadership qualities Strong negotiation skills Deadline and detail-oriented Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract Salary: $60,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Full Time Opportunity: Yes Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote One location This Company Describes Its Culture as: People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented - 3 days ago - 
eCommerce Technical Project Manager Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering eCommerce projects. Candidate should have a technical background and should have performed as a developer earlier in the career.Candidate should have technical knowledge about business flows, project architecture and should gel up well with the development team technically and able to communicate the same with clients.Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 2 days ago - 
Project Manager Revampologist - Manhattan, NY Contract Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 1 day. Role overview Revampologist LLC is looking for an experienced Technical Project Manager who is skilled in rapid delivery and eager to own a global website roll-out of one of our clients You will be working in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, working cross-functionality and globally to plan, communicate and scale this experience to 20+ countries. As a Project Manager in this role, your chief responsibility will be to work with each region to capture local requirements and coordinate with development and QA teams to ensure that each countrys experience is delivered accurately and on-time. This is a 6 month contracted position based in either London, England or New York, New York. Responsibilities: Work closely with your regional counterparts to gather legal, business, and user requirements to ensure that the product experience will meet all needs within that region. Manage regional expectations on what can be delivered and time to market. Gain a deep understanding of the product you are responsible for scaling, helping to manage and educate your regional counterparts on both technical feasibility and best practices. Ability to accurately assess and prioritize regional requirements so that you are able to scale as efficiently as possible. Ensure that each experience is developed with accuracy, making sure that it meets all requirements that have been agreed in each region before sharing with regional leads and prior to launch. Coordinate with your team of skilled engineers to create a shared understanding of all requirements and how they have been prioritized. Develop an understanding for your teams velocity so that you can accurately set timelines with your stakeholders and keep your team as effective as possible. Work with product and development teams on launch plans, coordinating with various teams to make sure that each release is a success. Qualifications: 4+ years of experience in project management, ideally in working with product management teams in bringing technology products to market in a fast-paced environment. Excellent interpersonal skills, including strong verbal and written communication, with experience in fostering relationships with global stakeholders. Experience in fintech, financial advisory, and/or brokerage services preferred. Experience with iterative software development practices (such as Agile), and product management methodology is preferred. Experience with workflow tools, such as Jira/Confluence, Trello, Realtime board is preferred. Open, collaborative and proven team player, with an ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance or support. Technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in software development and web technologies is preferred, but not required. Ability to learn quickly, with a strong intellectual curiosity. Job Type: Contract Experience: Project Management: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) License: Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred) Contract Length: 5 - 6 months Work Location: One location Schedule:: Monday to Friday - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager (IT) Mobikasa - New York, NY $50,000 - $100,000 a year -Full-time, Part-time Job Summary Mobikasa is a web and mobile application development team looking to hire an experienced project manager of the same domain. The ideal candidate should have experience delivering either web or mobile app projects. Strong command over English language is essential. In addition, we are looking for an individual who is positive, organized, and who possesses strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well within a team. Candidate should have 1+ years of experience delivering web / mobile application projects. Responsibilities and Duties Meet with potential clients and close leads. Determine operational objectives by studying business functions & gathering information evaluating output requirements. Align project objectives with company goals, and make certain the project team is advised and informed on all objectives. Take the primary lead on the process of issue identification and resolution. Manage risk tracking and assessment. Manage the completion and communication of all documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities. Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence. Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources. Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel and/or departments. Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations to various audiences as needed. Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards. Continue professional development in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies, methods and best practices. Qualifications and Skills Extensive understanding of project and program management principles, methods, and techniques. Strong SDLC and project management skills Ability to drive and deliver technical implementation projects to timelines. Strong communication skills ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Ability to drive consensus and persistence to achieve end results. Good understanding of agile methodologies and how it impacts the various support functions architecture release management 6 Ability to stage manage important meetings define agenda drive notes and next steps. DETAIL-ORIENTED and RESULTS-DRIVEN. Works with urgency and takes ownership of assigned duties to get done and done right. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office/Excel and Google Drive Spreadsheets. Understanding of technology stack (web & mobile), user centricity, and strong aesthetic sense would be considered essential for success Conceive, design, launch and continually upgrade the portfolio of products for the Mobile app and Website Working closely with the business team, marketing team and the associates in the market Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year - 4 days ago - 
HIV Prevention Project Manager Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews - Staten Island, NY 10301 Full-time, Part-time Community Health Action of Staten Island 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. HIV Prevention Project Manager Full Time Position Job Description HIV Prevention Project Manager: Oversee the implementation of all HIV prevention programming at the Pride Center of Staten Island. Supervise the Program Assistant and the implementation of the IDG Momentum. Supervise full-time and part time HIV Testers. Work individually with a caseload of young men who have sex with men and transgender individuals to provide HIV Navigation Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for program participants. The HIV Prevention Project Manager will facilitate a multi-session group for program clients to increase HIV/STI education and social support. Be an active manager on the Pride Center of Staten Island staff team. Duties: Conduct in-reach to existing young MSM programs and outreach in the Staten Island community to recruit those at high risk of transmitting or contracting HIV and other STDs in prevention programming. Screen young MSMs ages 16-29 at highest risk for acquiring or transmitting HIV to determine participation in the program. Enroll and navigate 75 clients annually through HNS Services. Provide Linkage & Navigation services for all participants who need assistance with referrals such as HIV CTR, STI CTR, PrEP/Pep, other health care services, etc. Facilitate a multi-session, prevention-based educational group for at least 10 young (17-29 years old) MSM clients per cycle (Three 6-week cycles per year). Supervise Program Assistant, Full-time, and Part-time testers. Maintain online testing portal and manage testing requests. Manage testing schedule for on-site and alternate venue site testing personnel. Strengthen and maintain relationships with partners to uphold or develop new inkage agreements and other community resources. Provide crisis intervention and mediation for youth and other Center participants as conflict arises. Assist with additional Pride Center programming as requested. Maintain complete and accurate records and files. Assist with monthly and annual reporting as required by funder and agency. Prepare and submit all paperwork on a weekly basis. Attend trainings and conduct online research to remain up-to-date on relevant issues. Participate in weekly supervision, program, management and agency-wide meetings, and quality assurance and continuous quality improvement activities. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in public health, social work, or related field with 2 years of relevant experience, or Associates degree with 4 years of relevant experience, or H.S Diploma with 6 years of relevant experience. Experience managing evidence-based interventions, contract deliverables, and staff required. Social work, case management, or related experience working with youth, MSM, transgender individuals, clients with a history of substance use and/or mental health issues, persons living with/ affected by HIV/AIDS and/or diverse groups of youth/young adults. Candidate must demonstrate ability to work effectively and positively with clients from diverse backgrounds; ethnic, cultural and sexual minorities with a sex positive and harm reduction approach. Attention to detail, self-motivation, and ability to work independently and as part of a team required. Applicants should be passionate, open-minded, patient, creative, and have a commitment to and enthusiasm for educating young people about sexual health and creating positive change. This is a full-time non-exempt position with benefits. Work place is the Pride Center of Staten Island, 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdfloor. The HIV Prevention Project Manager reports to the Programs Manager. Hours: 10 AM 6 PM on Tuesdays. 1PM - 9PM Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. 11 AM 7 PM on Saturdays. Please Note: Work schedule may change depending on the needs of the Center. EOE Employer: Pride Center of Staten Island believes in equal opportunity in employment. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, HIV serostatus, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability. Send Cover Letter and Resume to: lsloan@pridecentersi.org (please include job title in subject line) OR Dr. Lisa Sloan, Program Director Pride Center of Staten Island 25 Victory Blvd, 3rdFloor Staten Island, NY 10301 Community Health Action of Staten Island - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager TPN 23 reviews - New York, NY TPN 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Summary : The Project Manager ensures client satisfaction by ensuring creative is delivered on time at every key milestone from internal meetings to client meetings to final executions in the marketplace. The Project Manager seamlessly integrates and coordinates workflow between all departments Creative, Account Service, Internal Departments (Studio, Image Works, Print Production) and outside agencies. Understands and knows what every creative is working on, when he or she will be finished and their available capacity. The Project Manager has the ability to multitask and stays on top of all programs for Client. Communicates project status and deliverables between internal departments, clients, or outside agency partners to ensure overall coordination for project completion. The Project Manager revises work plans and staffing assignments, as appropriate, to meet changing deadlines and requirements. The Project Manager functions as an Art Buyer, works closely with Creative Director and Art Directors to find and purchase artwork for creative needs. Coordinates, plans, and negotiates costs and timing of photo shoots from pre-production through execution. Builds relationships with integrated agencies to source brand assets. Is the primary/sole point of contact for stock purchases. Core Accountabilities : Manages overall creative team capacity and available resources to better prioritize and distribute work to all team members Assesses scope of project with account and creative partnership and aligns the proper number of creative hours to deliver a quality product Builds relationships among all departments to ensure harmonious work environment and ultimately meeting all deadlines Builds internal creative timelines to ensure external deadlines are met Creates and maintains daily universal calendar of all program timelines Codes projects with visual cues e.g. icons and color Provides nightly status to creative leaders highlighting key deliverables and client meetings for the next day Assists Account Service in coordinating internal reviews, internal approvals, and client approvals Manages fixture testing for all programs with Operations team by preparing fixture testing elements list and providing direction for the printing and displaying of in-house fixture test prints Coordinates and reviews with Operations team timelines prior to share-out with client Manages freelance (art directors and writers) and their time Maintains contact list of outside talent Coordinates pre-production planning and purchasing of art work (photography and stock) Prepares triple bids, negotiates costs and timing for photo shoots for the best product within budget Works with clients team to adhere to production guidelines Manages Client Brand Assets Submits original icons for approval to Client brand library Manages clients brand assets Provides detailed specs to brand agencies by working with Production to identify technical needs Core Skills : Oral Communications Organizes ideas and communicates oral messages appropriately to others Participates in conversation, discussions and group presentations Selects an appropriate medium of conveying a message Uses verbal language and other cues such as body language, tone and level of complexity to the audience Speaks clearly and concisely Understands and responds to listener feedback and asks questions when needed Written Communications Communicates thoughts, ideas, information and messages in writing Records information completely and accurately Effectively composes and creates documents, letters, reports, proposals, graphs, etc Uses language, style, organization, and format appropriate to the subject matter, purpose and audience Includes supports documentation and attends to all levels of detail Checks, edits and revises for correct information, appropriate emphasis, form, grammar, spelling and punctuation Project Leadership Ability to motivate, influence, delegate, prioritize and communicate project status to all stakeholders Ability to organize, prioritize work and materials for appropriate action Manage Resources Ability to identify and align resources, utilize performance, monitor indicators and manage all resources against budgets Accuracy/Attention to Detail Applies appropriate attention to detail Work can be relied upon for thoroughness and accuracy Focus on Client Needs Anticipates and identifies internal and external client needs Develops effective working relationships with clients Continually searches efficiencies to increase client satisfaction Builds internal/external relationships Develops relationship with others as key priority Strives for win-win solutions Time Management Ability to manage own time effectively, setting priorities and meeting deadlines Sound business and professional ethics Requirements : Experience: 3+ years working in an agency environment Education: Four-Year Degree preferred *TPN is an equal opportunity employer. TPN - 1 day ago - 
Project Superintendent/Assistant Project Manager B&B Contracting Group, LLC - New York, NY 10011 $19.99 - $20.00 an hour -Contract Full time, temporary position. Looking for someone to start ASAP . Project to end by middle of January. If by the end of the project we have more work, there is a possibility of a longer term- but not guaranteed.- Daily Logs RFIs Organize Submittals Keep drawings up to date for super/subs Recording of safety Inspections General communication with subs as directed by super Job Type: Contract Salary: $19.99 to $20.00 /hour Experience: relevant: 1 year (Preferred) Superintendent: 1 year (Preferred) Contract Renewal: Not likely Work Location: One location - 1 day ago - 
Project Manager Thrive Operations - New York, NY The Project Manager position has primary responsibility for defining, planning, tracking and managing the projects they are assigned. He/she is responsible for identifying key resources and providing the direction required for meeting the project objectives. Qualifications and skills of the Project Manager include an ability to lead and motivate people and encourage teamwork, an ability to communicate effectively with senior management, and a clear vision of what determines a successful product for the customer and for the company. The Project Manager also must be able to manage project schedule and task details and utilize project management tools such as reports, tracking charts, checklists, and project scheduling software and to delegate appropriately. He/she must be able to manage change and take active leadership in timely decision making. Finally, a Project Manager must have the courage to face up to issues squarely and early, resolve conflicts, admit to having problems and seek coaching openly, escalate if necessary, and generally champion the people and the project up, down, and across the organization and with customers. Primary Responsibilities: Direct and manage project through Project Lifecycle. Plan, execute and finalize projects according to strict deadlines and within budget Demonstrate knowledge in IT Projects and planning on how to implement solutions Lead daily Traffic Light Meetings Manage incident reporting and internal escalations, provide guidance on external handling and communications Develop and complete portfolio, resource and financial reports for management Assigned mentor for PM Resources Process and Delivery Quality Control Qualifications: Technical background sufficient to understand the technologies and technical issues involved with the services, to be able to anticipate and identify critical delivery obstacles, and use sound judgment based on the teams input to make good business decisions Previous management and/or leadership roles Requirements: PMP (preferred but not required) ITIL (preferred but not required) Minimum of 4 years Project Management experience For more information on this job opening or to apply, please email careers@thrivenetworks.com. Thrive Operations - Today - 
Research Project Manager New York State Psychiatry Institute - New York, NY 10032 $93,343 a year We are currently seeking a candidate qualified to work on a full-time basis as a Research Project Manager for a multi-site national protocol being conducted as part of the NIDA Clinical Trials Network that is investigating different methods of detoxification from opiates and induction onto medication. Duties/Responsibilities: Under the guidance of study leadership, the Research Project Manager will be responsible for the following: Work collaboratively with the Lead Investigator and the Lead study team, including the NIDA contracted coordinating center, and study sites on the development, implementation and daily operations of research the study protocol. Act as point person for study sites regarding the daily operations of the study protocol. Utilize effective communication strategies to coordinate schedules, organize, and participate/lead project meetings and conference calls. Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation, plans, and reports, including weekly study updates and annual project reports. Assist with preparation of presentations for PI and project leadership for scientific conferences and meetings and manuscripts for publication. Demonstrating working effectively as part of a multidisciplinary team Demonstrating flexibility and persistence through excellent follow-up and follow-through skills Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor degree plus minimum 10 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Master's degree with at least 5 years experience of clinical trials site management experience Excellent communication skills, oral, and written Strong organizational skills, including effective time management and the ability to manage competing priorities Ability to work both independently and alongside study leadership with appropriate guidance and support Excellent computer skills in a Windows environment, including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access and SPSS and Adobe Acrobat Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of and/or experience in research in substance use disorders populations, particularly treatment of opiate dependence. To apply: Submit an application with cover letter and resume by November 25th through our website https://nyspi.applicantpro.com/jobs/. Only applications submitted through the RFMH website will be accepted. The Research Foundation is a private not-for-profit corporation and is not an agency or instrumentality of the State of New York. Employees of the Research Foundation are not state employees, do not participate in any state retirement system, and do not receive state fringe benefits. Excellent Benefits Package. Employer/Minority/Women/Disabled/Veteran Employer. VEVRAA 41 CFR 60-300.5a compliant. New York State Psychiatry Institute - Today - 
Project Manager HCL- USA - New York, NY To design, develop and deliver complex new features, fixes and enhancements in the product as per product management requirements and guide the team effectively in completing their assigned tasks with high quality. (1.) To independently resolve Complex or escalated issues/tickets as per stated resolution goals (2.) To maintain issue logs and document the process and the method of resolving/ troubleshooting the specific ticket (3.) To undertake training programs for new joinees and perform knowledge transition during project enhancements (4.) Ensure continuous learning by improving wrt scope of work. (5.) Guiding the support engineer in creating product documentation for customer support and contributing towards technical support white papers HCL Technologies - 8 days ago - 
Project Manager Seen by Indeed - New York, NY Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities Get matched with top tech companies on Seen! Seen by Indeed - 30+ days ago - 
Assistant Project Manager, Construction Project Eye Consultants Inc - New York, NY $45,000 - $60,000 a year PROJECT EYE CONSULTANTS INC. a General Construction Company in NYC is currently seeking an Assistant PM to work with Project Executive to maintain schedules, coordinate, plan and manage all field operations on projects. Assistant Project Manager is expected to provide construction management and general contracting services that meet the highest level of quality. Develop and Maintain on-site logistics plans and procedures for the field operations Interface with all on-site work teams to resolve problems, ensure quality, safety, scheduling and achieving schedules in support of overall project objectives. Maintain close coordination with engineering, estimating, and project management team to assure work complies with drawings, specifications, and schedule; communicate effectively with the project management team to assist in accurate contract items lists and shop drawing schedules; attend weekly project team meetings to ensure open communication and swift issue resolution Assist in the development of, Update and Maintain the Project Schedule as needed; including a, two week look ahead schedule and prepare daily construction reports Establish and maintain document controls to assure work is aligned with the latest design documentation and approved shop drawings Assist in the development and Maintain the Site Safety Plan; Assure continuous maintenance of the safety program and conduct weekly safety meetings, regular toolbox talks, and safety pre-task meetings as needed Conduct weekly foreman and superintendent meetings; assure minutes are prepared and distributed accurately and timely Assure required risk controls are properly established and maintained as per corporate operations policies and procedure manual Implement and enforce Project Eye Consultants Code of Ethics and engage in any business practice with 100 percent integrity. Minimum requirements Educational and experience requirements include College Degree in Construction management, architecture; engineering with at least 4 years experience/knowledge. Thorough understanding of industry practices, processes, standards, etc and their impact on project activities is vital. OSHA 30/40, ASHE applicants preferred. Must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Access to reliable transportation to and from project sites within NYC is preferred. Thorough knowledge of all aspects of construction including safety, mitigation & control methods, operational means & methods, and technology. Excellent communication, organizational, supervisory and planning skills required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $45,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: Fully Remote Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off - 21 days ago - 
